type: list
pick: 10
items: 
  -  Town built upon a hill allowing for oversight over a region for a few miles.
  -  Built inside a meteor impact, with potential leftover magical properties.
  -  Town circled by river, only a bit of land connects the town to the rest of the land as the river loops around it.
  -  Town Built on a lake, with giant pillars connected to the deep floor below keeping the mostly stone town suspended over the water.
  -  Town built on a lake, giant chains keep the mostly floating, wooden town, from drifting to the coast.
  -  Some, many, or all houses carved out from huge stones, other wise the town is outside and it is difficult to see where the stones came from. (the houses are inside the stones)
  -  Village built, or carved, inside a cave, lit by mushrooms and lanterns, typical cave atributes such as stallagmites, moist air.
  -  In the middle of the city, a dungeon entrance, many come to try their luck with the dungeon and the town has only gotten richer from the tourism.
  -  Town built on an island up close to a massive Niagara-style waterfall. The noise is deafening. Inhabitants have developed their own unique sign language. 
  -  Town built on hundreds of connected rafts on huge inland sea. Steadily drifts around the sea on currents, trading with landside towns as they come near. Many lanes between the rafts for internal water-roads as of Venice. 
  -  Town built in the branches of titanic trees. The most suitable building materials lent to the buildings being hung suspended from the branches rather than built upon them. Rope bridge connections. Inhabitants totally unafraid of heights and swing between buildings on ropes. 
  -  A city flooded as a glacial lake burst its banks and created a new permanent lake. Only buildings on hills survived, and the residents cling to the remnants of their city proudly. Boats keep the city connected, and some bridges are being built. There is rumoured to be much plunder in the now-sunken parts of the old city. 
  -  A town on an island, in a lake on an island, in a bigger lake on a bigger island. 
  -  Town built at the bottom of a ravine with sheer walls going up on all sides but one. Only one road in or out. 
  -  A village entirely inside an ancient, gigantic hollow tree. 
  -  Town built into a hollow on the side of a cliff, accessible through stairs and ladders. 
  -  Town surrounded by/inside the massive bleached skeleton of a long-dead monster. 
  -  Town surrounded by/inside the massive bleached skeleton of a long-dead monster. 
  -  The city is built almost vertically into the roots of a tree so large it defies comprehension, having fallen onto its side eons ago. Houses, taverns, shops, and government buildings are carved directly into and out of the wood of the roots, as are the paths, stairs, and walkways to connect everything. 
  -  The city stands in near perpetual shadow of the mountains that surround it on three sides. To compensate for this a prison was constructed in the mountains, and the inmates are responsible for slowly turning a gigantic mirror to reflect sunlight over the main square of the city. 
  -  The village consists of three buildings; the village hall, the tavern which doubles as a shop, and the house for the sole occupant of the village. They hold the titles of Mayor, Judge, Bailiff, Inn-keep, Warden, etc. or their equivalents in your setting. 
  -  High magic town inhabited mostly by mage. The whole place appears to be perfectly clean, highly luxurious, and perfect in every other way. The reality is that the town is made of shoddy buildings and in poor repair; it’s appearance the result of constantly applied magic to make the horrid place feel nicer. It’s dangerous as anything and people constantly die of accidents from building collapse and sink holes etc. 
  -  The town is built in an enormous circle, each of the twenty main roads circling a common green. Each circular road is connected to the next at the four ordinal points, and the main roads in and out of town the same. Each space in between the circular roads is a specific district, built to match the contours of the land and roads. The closer to the centre of town you get, the more official the buildings built there. The market holds the four spaces closest to the centre near the green. 
  -  A town built precariously on the side of a tall cliff. The entire economy relies on a rare and valuable plant that only grows on this cliff. The risks of harvesting it are high but the prices are worth it. 
  -  A city built entirely by former slaves. Following a massive slave revolt, they trekked for many days in the wilderness before finding a sheltered valley with freshwater springs in which to build a new life. 
  -  Tripartite city built at the y-shaped fork where two rivers meet to make a larger river. Each part of the city is built on one of the three banks, and though technically united each has its own distinctive culture. The city thus has a triple-barreled name, and there is some contention about the order of the names. 
  -  Monastery-town suspended high in the air on colossal chains stretched between two mountain peaks. Incredibly hard to get in. The monastery is rumoured to house a great secret. 
  -  The old well in the center of the village has the best tasting, cool, clear water in the region. Some say it has curative properties if used for bathing. 
  -  A town inside a giant arch of rock about the size of a mountain. 
  -  A town on top of a tall hill or moutain overlooking a foggy landscape filled with dangers, a safe haven for those running away. 
  -  A town in the middle of a desert, no river or anything 
  -  A town on top of a mountain range where it is so high up its a bit hard to breathe. 
  -  A town on top of a very large dormant volcano. 
  -  A town in a collection of deep ravines that is unseeable from the top. 
  -  A town on an island surrounded by acid water and burning ash. 
  -  A city built in the corpse of a dead god. After a great calamity, the corpse remained, standing defiantly while frozen in place. A group of displaced settlers used what they had, and began building around, and even on the calcified remains. Now the city council meets in the caved out remains of the god’s head, overseeing the city from above from its eyes, while the citizens toil below. Word stirs of a revolt being planned, dissatisfied rebels hoping to finally collapse the figure that has watched over them their entire lives. 
  -  A town built of quartz. Fires can burn all the furniture and other things inside a house and kill those who can't get out of the house in time, but do no damage to the rest of the town. 
  -  A town surrounded by a huge cemetery that makes a lot of it's money through burials. Not surprisingly, the townsfolk are very against cremation as it would strike at the main source of their prosperity. 
  -  A high walled town inhabited by criminals of both genders whose crimes are not worthy of death, who are sent here to live the rest of their lives and are not allowed outside. 
  -  The famous fighting pits draw the brave and foolish from distant lands to test their strength and cunning in the weekly matches of champions. Just a few wins can make one rich. Locals say knowing when to walk away is the true test. Those who cheat face a fate worse than death. 
  -  A serries of tunnels that are ocupied by fire elementals during the winter and ice elementals durring the summer it's kept to its current occupants liking with a strong environmental contro spell. 
  -  In this city there was a plague so big and so devastating that there was no place to bury everybody, so the city magically incinerated its dead so they would be forever burning and turned the urns into street lamps and paved the streets with gravestones. 
  -  The city is full of smog and fog now, but its no mere mist, but the floating ashes of a thousand eternally lit people. 
  -  A town that resides inside the body of a massive undead turtle-like creature. It’s people use winged mounts to range out for for resources before returning to their slowly lumbering home. 
  -  Close to the city is a huge stone monument, built around the decaying corpse of a giant. Felled in battle in a bitter war generations ago, it was the last to be killed and its death ended the fighting. The building is circular, built over and around the limbs of the creature, the body in an open roofed area in the middle. An outer walkway serves as a social space incorporating temple and prayer spaces to honour the fallen; to help with the smell of decay a moat filled with rose petals runs around the inner edge of the walkway. 
  -  Town built on a lake whose water level is dwindling. They keep extending their docks out and adding structures between them leading to city above and below the docks. 
  -  A city that fills the entire top of a large plateau in the desert. if you ask someone where the city gets their food and water, they'll give you a dirty look and walk away. 
  -  A town built by very lazy or unimaginative townspeople, where every house and building is on the same street. whenever someone moves to town or starts a new business, they just stick their building at the end of the line. 
  -  A village on the side of a very steep hill. there are more staircases than roads. what few streets there are zigzag back and forth to make them less steep. the inhabitants all have long, incredibly muscular legs. 
  -  The city / town is built around a giant floating crystal. It started as an outpost where mages could study the crystal and eventually grew into a town. 
  -  The city / town is built around a giant pit. There is an elevator that lowers would be adventurers into the enormous cave system 1000s of feet below. 
  -  The town is surrounded by a moat of bubbling tar. 
  -  The town is at the top of a giant mesa with vertical walls. The only ways up are an elevator or a series of twisting caves that run through the mesa. 
  -  The town is in the middle of a desert or rocky wasteland. It thrives because the caves beneath the city contain an underground river 
  -  The town is in the frozen north. The buildings are made of a strange white material (Pykrete a cotton and ice alloy that's as strong as concrete). 
  -  Two towns on the opposite sides of a very wide and deep ravine. The townsfolk never attempt to cross to the other side of the ravine, and superstitiously believe that anyone crossing the ravine would bring bad luck to the town. Merchants who might sell you tools to cross the ravine will be unwilling to sell, unless you can give some other reason for buying the items. 
  -  A wizard accidentally enlarged a dinner plate to the point where it had a diameter over a mile across. The centre is now filled with water, and a city exists around the rim, running an active fishing, and water-sports industry. The inhabitants are always slightly concerned that the plate will crack. 
  -  A town inside a narrow gorge, when the wind blows at a certain angle to whole gorge seems to whistle like a boiling kettle. It's unclear if this is natural or caused, but the townsfolk see it as a sign of a good day. 
  -  A town where no two buildings are alike, and each is more elaborate than the last, even garden sheds seem to have turrets with onion domes. The town is full of architects trying to out-do all the others, the only ones who are benefitting appear to be the building firms. 
  -  A city where the roads seem intentionally winding and tortuous. The builders worshipped a local animal which moves in such a winding manner, and sought to emulate it in the building of the town to bring good luck. It is unclear whether is brought good luck, but the townsfolk certainly get lots of exercise and have developed a fantastic sense of direction. 
  -  A city built on a swamp, all the buildings are on stilts to avoid sinking into the murk. People think that the height of their stilts is a matter of status, with the tallest houses being the noblest. Some people try to build taller houses, others try to literally cut their opponents down to size. 
  -  A town inside a gorge which has a constant air current passing through. The townsfolk all hang windchimes and other wind instruments around the place, so the town is always full of gentle music. 
  -  A 'living' town, all the walls are hedges, and tree canopies act as roofs. Furniture is made of trained plants, and no building is more than one storey high. The whole town is full of druids or those who shun possessions in favour of living in harmony with nature. 
  -  A town entirely surrounded by forest, inhabitants believe that noise, the louder and more discordant the better, drives away evil forces that would otherwise invade. The town is full of noise-making machines, musicians are encouraged to play badly or at odds with each other, even in the middle of the night the noise continues unabated. 
  -  A town where everything is made of stone, stone cobbled streets, stone buildings, beautifully carved stone signposts. The town is home to a guild of stonemasons, trainees cut the simple cobbles and master craftsman create the intricate columns which decorate the houses, each stone has a maker's mark on it, as a kind of advertisement of their skill and a demonstration that they have helped to build their town.
  -  A city where the inhabitants are very afraid of the dark, they will explain if asked that there are vicious monsters who will attack given even a moments darkness. It isn't possible to tell if this is true, because the city has developed incredibly efficient means of lighting every inch of space, to the point that there is never any darkness. The city is in constant need of fuel, or other means of making light though. 
  -  A mining town with the mine directly under the town. Ventilation shafts appear all over the town, and noise from the mines filters up. However, the distant clanging from the mines sounds like thousands of constantly ringing bells by the time it reaches the surface. 
  -  A town on a very flat plain, where heavy storms will completely change the rivers course. The town relies heavily on the river, so all the buildings can be moved, in various ways, so that the town can chase the river. 
  -  A market city, built into the cliffs surrounding a wide bay. Each tier is filled with a different type of trader, fish merchants at the base near the sea, and weavers at the top near the cotton fields which grow on the headlands. 
  -  A town on a viaduct. The town is long and narrow, the walls on either side are high enough so people couldn't accidentally fall the long drop to the river below, but low enough so that you can look out at the spectacular view. The only way into and out of the town is via the guarded gates at either end of the viaduct. 
  -  A town renowned for a special spring. At one particular time of the year, on roughly the same date, the waters are suddenly imbued with bizarre properties. Almost everyone drinking them is affected with bizarre visions and hallucinations, many of which turn out to be prophetic. The waters have become very popular and the town has had to guard them and charge highly to access them during this period. The quality of the water does not last if it is kept. 
  -  The town was once in a large lake with canals running through, alongside and in many cases serving as streets. Many varied races mingled throughout and trade was easy and plentiful but the lake dried up after a neighboring kingdom build a dam and changed the course of largest river feeding it. The town is now towering on its foundations high over the dry lake bed, most residents, especially aquatic races, emigrated away and the area is mostly lawless and destitute. 
  -  A town in which the upper city and lower city are literally separated by a 50 meter cliff face. Magic or unusually high tech is required to get from the base to the top. 
  -  A city in which the markets, shops, industry, etc are on the surface, but the inns and residences are all in caves below the surface level. 
  -  A town built for well over 500 people, that is absolutely empty. They are hidden in a nearby mountain, thinking some long awaited apocalypse has occurred. 
  -  A town of simpletons with doomsayers/speakers on every corner, claiming the mayor/clergy/position of power has predicted the destruction of the city if they do not continue to praise/pay/work harder. The powerful position is somewhat magical, whether its a dragon in disguise or a demon of some kind, or something else. 
  -  A town built in the ceiling of a large open air cavern. Stalagtites(from the top) are used as buildings. New ones can be formed with an intricate reverse irrigation system. Connected via rope bridges to each other. 
  -  A city at the bottom of the sea. Inside a magical air bubble. It will never pop. Hopefully. 
  -  Small village built around and over the open crater of an active volcano. Residents use gasmasks and heavy fireproof gear while outside. All buildings use powerful filters to clean the air and gather the resulting materials for use in alchemy and to sell. 
  -  A medium sized city located all within a single massive building. It is constantly being expanded and made more intricate. 
  -  A city worth of people live inside a colossal airship shaped like a whale. It never _needs_ to land. 
  -  Small colony on an island that lost contact with its origin nation a decade ago. No resident has noticed the island is in perpetual motion across the sea. 
  -  An entire underground metropolis whos only known entrance is in the false back of a random closet in another city. 
  -  A town built over an ancient necropolis, reusing the old tombs as homes and other buildings. The residents _love_ ghost stories. 
  -  A town that segregates the genders into separate quarters, divided by a wall. A building in the center of the wall is the only permissible meeting place. 
  -  A town where no building may be walled on all four sides; at least one side must be open or closed only by canvas. The inhabitants refer to it as a "camp" and are committed, in theory at least, to the idea that they could abandon it and move at any time to escape threats; as long as one wall remains open, the building counts as a "tent". (Lifted from the _Sharing Knife_ series) 
  -  A hilltop town swept by fierce, steady winds; it is crowded with windmills, large and small, ingeniously put to an impressive variety of tasks. 
  -  A town centered around a desert oasis. To avoid the overbearing sun almost all buildings are connected via 2nd story walkways, interconnecting the whole city. 
  -  Town built on top of and inside of a series of tall stone pillars, sitting off the edge of a massive escarpment. The pillars are linked together with dozens of rope bridges. Parts of the inside of the pillars have been hollowed out to make more room for people to live. Various flora and fauna are farmed on the pillars and along the escarpment. 
  -  Town built into the remains of an old quarry up against a steep hillside. The town is arranged in a series of concentric semi-circles ascending in height, each smaller and more exclusive than the last. 
  -  Village on a wheeled frame, sitting at the foot of a glacier. The residents found their homes threatened by the advance of a glacier. Rather than abandon their homes, they built a rolling frame that is being slowly propelled through a valley by the glacier. 
  -  Town built on a series of immense stone bridges crossing a river. 
  -  Town built into a wide limestone sink hole. The buildings cluster around the edges and up the walls. There is a deep, circular lake in the centre, filling ~75% of the space. On one side a large waterfall spills down the rock face. The walls of the sinkhole are spiderwebbed with holes, some of which lead to underground rivers, caverns and grottos. 
  -  Settlement built along the top of a precipitously steep, narrow and winding mountain ridgeline. There is a single large flat common area. The rest of the settlement is a four or five buildings wide, at most. A few enterprising souls have built houses on stilts of wood or stone. 
  -  A city built on fire spouts, the fires burning provide enough natural light that even at night allows for everyone to see clearly. The fires also burn different colors so that the city is split up into different sections based on the colors of the fire. Blue District, Green District, etc., however many you like for each different color or district. 
  -  A town that has evolved a bizarre code of behaviour: inhabitants are obliged to be openly flirtatious and seemingly promiscuous with strangers. This is however simply an invitation to prove one's own virtue by resisting the temptation. Anyone giving in to the temptation is treated with scorn and outrage, and they and their companions become instant pariahs. 
  -  A city built on terraces, the poor parts on one terrace, the middle class parts on another and the richest parts on another terrace. 
