dice: 1d15
results:
  1:  A church has split over differences in the interpretation of their beliefs (ex. Was the evil in the hearts of humanity placed there by the fiends, or did humanity create the fiends by having evil in their hearts the whole time)
  2:  A province that is culturally different from the rest of the kingdom decides to secede and become independent
  3:  The elves and fey creatures of the forest are angered with the local town who wants to cut down the trees and develop the land
  4:  Farmers band together and demand higher prices for their produce because they can’t make ends meet with current taxation, but the higher prices have dramatically hurt the urban poor. 
  5:  A duelist bests another in a competition to become the king's right hand man. In the process, the first duelist insults the honor of the other - though not inaccurate, those statements also violated courteous conduct, and created a rivalry between the two families for generations. 
  6:  A great calamity is coming, and an artifact is said to be able to protect up to 20 people chosen by whomever holds it. Everyone in the entire continent is trying to find and keep it. 
  7:  Two kingdoms are at war over who gets to control a beautiful and platinum-filled region in the icy northern mountains. One is the Moon Kingdom, and the other is the Sun Kingdom. Both of them are normal countries with equally legitimate claims to ownership of the region. Their claim and conflict stems from the fact that the land was given to them when the two kingdoms of sun and moon where once joined together as one mighty nation. When this nation of ancient legend split into the kingdoms of Sun and Moon, their rulers formed a bitter rivalry and could never decide who had more of a claim to the region their predecessors now fight over. The two kingdoms have developed too deep a cultural, linguistic and religious divide to ever reunify into one as they were in the ancient past. 
  8:  The Drow and Dwarves have been warring for centuries over resources underground, just trying to keep their civilizations going. The party has been called in to negotiate a peace between the two sides by finding a new source of resources for them 
  9:  A peaceful tribe of hunters living in a small farming village in a beautiful valley is about to be invaded by a tribe of pillagers. One village elder wants the villagers to stay and purge the enemy tribe, while the other village elder wants everyone to escape the valley to preserve the tribe's innocence. 
  10:  Blood sacrifice keeps the hell portal closed / water flowing / plague at bay. The victims are willing. The population compliant and complacent. 
  11:  A library is going through a civil war as the librarians are split on how to catalog the books. 
  12:  A Queen has decided to step down and allow her people to rule themselves, but both the crown princess and half of the people want to keep the monarchy. Half of them argue that the queen’s decision was a noble sacrifice for her people to make up for centuries of cruel mistreatment by the crown at the hands of her ancestors while the other half question if man is really meant to rule themselves or if they are given power, they will become tyrants even worse than the queen’s ancestors ever were. Besides, the queen has been nothing but the best ruler they’ve had in centuries! The queen herself believes that no mortal is meant to have as much power as she has as queen. She believes that if one person has absolute power and authority, then it will slowly turn them into a tyrant if they are the only ones with that. She saw it happen with her father, the Executioner King, so in her eyes the only right thing to do is to step down and dissolve the government so that the people can make themselves a new one where all have equal rights and power. She will of course help them in that endeavor. Every side involved in this debate has an equally valid and solid argument to back them up and each of their philosophies is true in some way. 
  13:  Refugees fleeing a plague have come to the area. The inhabitants fear they have brought the plague with them and don’t want them to stay. Each side appeals to the party for help. 
  14:  A religious cult has superseded the government of a large city. While they follow a lawful good god they run a bit of a dictatorship. The city and its citizens are not free to worship who they please and certain laws may be a bit strict - though they have never experienced this level of peace and prosperity. (Enforcers of the cult turn over a citizens house in an emergency search for traitors to the high priest, but pay them with far more gold than necessary to make amends for the incursion and seem to only intrude begrudgingly.) 
  15:  A war between a hive of giant wasps and giant centipedes threatens to turn the surrounding area into a breeding ground/battlefield/corpse infested graveyard for these insects, and they've begun encroaching on the populated lands near the jungle's edge. The insects, in reality, truly mean little harm to the people, having coexisted with them for many years. but the people are now scared, and want something done with the insects. 
