type: list
pick: 10
items: 
  -  A focusing crystal for a powerful, magical laser
  -  The pommelstone of an ancient Giant King's blade, lost during the collapse of the Giant Empire
  -  A magical prison for a powerful spirit, which would unleash terrible destruction if the gemstone were ever shattered
  -  The power source for a large, floating island
  -  The source of all the world's magic, which bends reality around it without rhyme or reason
  -  The keystone to an interdimensional portal, which can only be activated when the gemstone is replaced
  -  A lich's phylactery
  -  The crystalline eye of a long-dead god, which grants the ability to see any event which transpired during that god's long, long life
  -  The key object of worship of a zealous religion. 
  -  Part of an even larger gem, fractured and recut by a group out of greed. 
  -  A prison that subtly and unknowingly absorbs the souls of any creature that dies near it, leaving those creatures to live a gross facsimile of some limbo. 
  -  It is the memory stone of an ancient precursor race. It contains all of their accumulated knowledge 
  -  It is the heart of a powerful being (god, old one, outsider, etc). Using it, a ritual can be performed to resurrect this being. 
  -  It is a ley line magnet. The great rivers of magical energy flowing around the planet will alter their course to form a nexus point wherever this gem is placed. 
  -  The arch mage stone. It gives the wielder god like power by stealing the powers of every magic user on the planet. (Credit: Fred Perry: Gold Digger) 
  -  The Primordial Spark: it gives off no magical essence or properties discernable to mortals, but ancient beings like gods and the lords of the Hells and Heavens instantly recognize it as a piece of Creation, capable of _unwriting_ them entirely, or building new realities. They cannot possess it, and its presence is hidden to them unless they directly lay eyes on it 
  -  The Hot Stone. Can make anything hot, but not too hot. Break it to deal 1 fire damage to yourself. _Ouch!_ 
  -  An ancient dragon's artificial eye. 
  -  Enchanted blunts for the horns of a vain colossal minotaur, who was tricked into putting them on the tips of his horns. If they are ever removed, the minotaur will \[wake/no longer be docile/revive\] and will be enraged at the earlier trickery. 
  -  A crystal of interference that prevents a golem/construct from operating. If removed, it will resume its path of destruction. 
  -  The stopper for a giant bottle of sparkling wine. If removed improperly, the wine will erupt like a geyser. 
  -  The egg of a \[gemstone\] dragon. 
  -  just being very big and shiny. you dont need to actually have it do anything, people will fight for big shiny things. especially players, they are like magpies 
  -  Paper weight 
  -  Potato masher 
  -  Can be cut into a bunch of very fancy dice 
  -  Bait for a rock eating monster 
  -  The buttons of a magical machine 
  -  A magical battery 
  -  Power source for a powerful golem 
  -  Power source for a magic shield that covers an entire (city, town, stronghold) 
  -  Bait for a horrible death trap 
  -  It hold the pocket dimension created by a powerful wizard 
  -  It is a key that opens a vault of god level artifacts 
  -  A gem with a strange spiral cut end that screws into the chest of a lost colossus, powering it. 
  -  A scute of a mythical turtle. 
  -  A scrying crystal of a powerful mage. 
  -  A rough-cut gem with minor sentience and psionic powers that's worshipped by a tribe of goblins. 
  -  Legs made of shards of the gem split out of the main piece to form a crystalline spider anyone who attunes to the spider gem can see through the spider's vision in a 15x5 foot line. 
  -  The material component for a spell of incredible power
  -  The manifestation of a dark god, rendered into physical form on the mortal plane. The gemstone can speak to people around it, and uses this ability to gain followers
  -  An artifact which conveys ultimate protection against certain types of entities, such as undead or demons
