dice: 1d100
results:
  1:  Of course I talk like an idiot. How else could you understand me?
  2:  Your Mamas so fat she died. I’m sorry for your loss!
  3:  The volume of the knowledge which you do not possess makes the ocean look like a puddle.
  4:  May the chocolate chips in your cookies turn out to be raisins.
  5:  May every sock you wear be slightly rotated just enough to be mildly uncomfortable.
  6:  Id like to leave you with one thought on your mind, but I don’t think it would fit.
  7:  You look like someone who knows how to handle themselves in bed.
  8:  Someone done blowed out your kindling.
  9:  I see that youve set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
  10:  You started at the bottom and it’s been downhill ever since.
  11:  Brains arent everything. In fact in your case they’re nothing.
  12:  No, no, Im not insulting you I’m describing you.
  13:  If what you dont know can’t hurt you, you’re invulnerable.
  14:  Ordinarily people live and learn. You just keep on living.
  15:  You are as strong as an ox and almost as intelligent.
  16:  If you were twice as smart, youd still be stupid.
  17:  Shock me. Say something intelligent.
  18:  I dont think you are a fool. But then what’s MY opinion against thousands of others?
  19:  Isnt it rather dangerous to use one’s entire vocabulary in a single sentence?
  20:  Id give you a nasty look but you’ve already got one.
  21:  Youll never be half the man your mother is.
  22:  If youre going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
  23:  Ive seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
  24:  I would ask how old you are, but I doubt you can count that high.
  25:  Just because you have one doesnt mean you need to act like one.
  26:  Half your outfit looks fabulous!
  27:  I love how you dont care what people think of you.
  28:  You are impossible to underestimate.
  29:  I cant believe you’d come out in public with a face like that. Have some decency and wear a mask.
  30:  Let me say this in a language you can understand, grunts annoyingly.
  31:  You are a person of rare intelligence.
  32:  \[In a mildly racist French accent\] Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries!
  33:  You fight like a dairy farmer!
  34:  You should learn from the dwarves and at least be drunk before you act insufferable.
  35:  What is your name? Oh wait I forgot you dont remember it.
  36:  Youre ugly on a metaphysical level.
  37:  Your nose looks bigger than your ego.
  38:  I bet you didnt even realize this was an insult!
  39:  Wow, your hair is fine!  Wait, no, I mean thinning! Your hair is thinning!
  40:  You would probably have a nice smile if it werent for your face!
  41:  That outfit looks expensive. Shame its not helping…
  42:  Nice hair!
  43:  Im so excited to forget you.
  44:  Why do you have to be so tall? If you had been pint sized at least we could have overlooked you easier.
  45:  Now was one of your parents an orc or are your teeth just that bad?
  46:  Now I realize youre probably an orphan but you cant have lived this long and learnt absolutely nothing in regards to manners.
  47:  I would kill you but I dont think the gates of heaven are wide enough for you to fit through.
  48:  Oh, let’s fight the level X adventurers, they’ll die easily” Don’t you think if we were bad at this we would be dead by now. You’re idiots for even trying to fight us!
  49:  Now theres a face only an aboleth could love.
  50:  Thats your big plan? I’ve heard more intelligent growls from an Owlbear.
  51:  Are you made out of gold? Youre dense, soft, and I’d love to stick a pick axe in you.
  52:  Wow! You did way better than I thought you would do. Thats great!
  53:  Youre a really great adventuring party…just not for this quest.
  54:  Well, wowthat idea is just something…we’ll have to remember that for a discussion on another day.
  55:  Im not saying you’re ugly, I’m just saying the beholder refused to look at you.
  56:  Was that your own idea or did someone write it down for you?
  57:  You know, I pity your mother. 9 months of effort to bring you into the world, and itll only take me a few moments to remove you from it.
  58:  Dont bother praying to your gods, cleric. You’re about to meet them.
  59:  Youre not even worth the mud on my shoes.
  60:  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Unfortunately, my eyes are all too human in your presence.
  61:  Did you rehearse that monologue? Oh what am I saying, you probably read it off of that napkin you call a spellbook
  62:  Have you considered a career as a dung sweeper? Youve already got the smell down pat.
  63:  I dont know what kind of mental gymnastics you did to reach that conclusion, but they certainly could outmatch a trained performer.
  64:  Are you deaf, blind or just utterly stupid?
  65:  Id try to get you back on track, but you’d probably actually get on the train tracks and get killed in the process.
  66:  I heard that you went in to a restaurant and ate everything in the restaurant and they had to close the restaurant.
  67:  Sorry, just give me a minute. Im trying to think of ways to mock you, but in your case they’d be flattery.
  68:  You butter your bread like an old man.
  69:  You have the brain of someone who has encountered a Mind Flayer!
  70:  You look like youd eat two cakes for lunch.
  71:  You have the sparse beard of a young pageboy.
  72:  Agh! What is that horrible smelloh I see you’ve bathed that layer of mud off today that must be it.
  73:  Your wit has never been matched. Exceeded, often, but never matched.
  74:  Did it hurt when you fell from the celestial plane, missed the material, and landed in the nine hells?
  75:  Could you tell me what god you worship? I see no other reason save for divine luck that your dumb arse has lasted this long.
  76:  So youre the one that an Ogre brings along on a date so that he looks better by comparison. I’ve been looking for you on account of a friend.
  77:  May I suggest you learn magic? I dont see any other way you could cover up those horrendous blemishes.
  78:  Youre mother, I’m sure, is a wonderful person. It’s a darn right shame you did t take after her.
  79:  They say the gods make no mistakes, but you are proof otherwise.
  80:  I am always happy to have you around. Your aroma is a vivid reminder why I no longer enter Owl Bear caves.
  81:  Let me guess, you have a great personality.
  82:  Wow. You really look your age.
  83:  You are aware that people simply tolerate you?
  84:  I can explain it to you but I cant understand it for you.
  85:  Youd struggle to pour water out of a boot with instructions on the bottom.
  86:  If I agreed with you, wed both be wrong.
  87:  When was the last time you saw someone smile because you entered a room?
  88:  Im not angry. I’m just very disappointed.
  89:  Your new haircut looks so much better than the last one.
  90:  The foulest place of mine arse is fairer than thy face.
  91:  You certainly do live up to your reputation.
  92:  That kind of petty meanness doesnt become you. Show us you can do better.
  93:  I envy everyone you have never met.
  94:  Id try to insult you but I’d never do as well as nature did.
  95:  I hope your day is filled with people like you.
  96:  Youre not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but you’d make a spoon jealous.
  97:  Your unibrow would make a Cyclops envious. Or horny.
  98:  Looking at you makes me wish I needed glasses, and happened to forget them today.
  99:  Normally I dont insult people as intelligent as you, but I’ll make an exception in your case.
  100:  May something bad befall you, like an onion falling on your head.
