dice: 1d100
results:
  1: A fire burns down the local inn
  2: the festival of the moon takes place, and the players return to see many paper decorations thrown out on the street
  3: a notorious criminal is arrested
  4: a notorious criminal is executed
  5: the mayor/lord passes away
  6: there is uncharacteristic weather (snow in summer, heat in winter, etc)
  7: the circus comes to town!
  8: a local woman has quadruplets
  9: the citizenry protest against a new tax
  10: a dragon flies high over the town. No one knows where to or from
  11: The village elders are all stuck in an endless game of dragon chess.
  12: What town? The one that appeared atop the volcano?
  13: The capital is rioting! They want to overthrow the king and replace them with a dragon!
  14: The village is in quarantine, anyone contaminated is repeating a singular task until they drop dead! The cause is unknown, but the undead seems to be unaffected.
  15: The town has a sale, the local economy is in shambles!
  16: All the children went missing, they all headed to the king's palace to replace them with a baby!
  17: The capital is silent, someone couldn't stand the noise and cast some strange spell, muting anyone inside the town. A crowd is appearing outside town just so they may talk.
  18: All graves on the local cemetery started sinking at the same speed
  19: Everyone you meet during early hours is looking up to the sky. All they say is "Watch the skies, outlander"
  20: All the rats and insects left the city. The ground is getting hotter everyday.
  21: Nine hooded figures on black horses passed through the city at full gallop. At the same night, people recounted several strange lights on the nearby mountains.
  22: The grass is turning bluish, a little more everyday.
  23: A strange stone fell from the sky, many miles away from town. Some curious people went of in search of it and came back vomiting blood and barely lasted a few hours. The last one passed just this morning. None of them could speak.
  24: A couple of teenagers came back terrified from the woods late at night. They say the woods were whispering names. You ask the names and feel your stomach churn as you hear they pronounce your names perfectly.
  25: A woman gave birth to rabbits, but it turns out to be a fraud; they just wanted to make some money by charging people to get a look.
  26: A quack came to town and sold the people snake oil.
  27: Lot's of talk at the monthly village meeting and again no decisions were made on what to do about the rat problem.
  28: A theater came to town and one of the youngsters (or known NPC) left with them.
  29: The mayor decided everyone should paint their house blue to attract more tourists.
  30: A priest arrived and created a small shrine to an unknown deity.
  31: A traveling tradesman came to town, bought all the music boxes that were available and left.
  32: A sinkhole opened up, but by the time the players return it has been filled up and it is like nothing ever happened.
  33: The local baker invented a new cookie.
  34: The local lumberjacks started an acapella group.
  35: Someone lost jewelry, but it turned out they'd just misplaced it. The maid was falsely accused and had to be apologized to.
  36: There is a new sheriff in town.
  37: The towns folk learned a new joke and everyone wants to be the first to tell them.
  38: Fashion has changed.
  39: The name of the town was changed to mislead the tax collector.
  40: A new well was dug and bones of a strange monster were found.
  41: Someone found a treasure map in an old book and now everyone is hunting for treasure.
  42: Nothing has changed and people haven't even noticed they were gone.
  43: The innkeeper bought a monkey that can't behave itself.
  44: Bandits came and stole all of the town chickens. All of them.
  45: A griffin laid an egg on the top of the mages tower and flew away (if the village doesn't have a mage it laid it in a farmer's chicken coop)
  46: An avatar of a locally worshipped deity appeared and blessed the village
  47: The townsfolk captured a chimera and have it in a pen and dont know what to do with it.
  48: A drunk necromancer partied too hard in the local graveyard. 
  49: ABSOLUTELY NOTHING WHATSOEVER PLEASE DON'T ASK ANY QUESTIONS 
  50: Another adventuring party was Almost wiped out nearby. A female elf druid is the only surviving member and is attempting to drink her sorrows away in the local tavern. 
  51: There was a massive barfight the players missed.
  52: Things were unusually quiet. Too quiet... All the townsfolk tell the players this
  53: Goblins attacked the town
  54: A travelling bard/group of bards came through
  55: A dragon burnt the town down
  56: The yearly harvest festival took place
  57: The Innkeeper and the Blacksmith have a massive row, in front of most of the people the party knows, causing an rift between people who agree with each of them. Prices will vary with one, if the party openly helps the other. Attitudes change and rumours abound. 
  58: A cow mysteriously dies at the exact same time a young boy breaks his leg.
  59: A shipment of unmarked potions arrive for the general store, with no return address or explanation.
  60: A concert is taking place in the middle of town and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. The party eventually finds out that it has been going on for several days.
  61: Rumours of a famous knight or some royalty coming to town has the the people in a hurry to get things ready for the arrival. Turns out the mayor put out the rumour to get the people to clean up the streets.
  62: A travelling inventor has come to town, giving away all kinds of toys and trinkets for free. Turns out many of them are faulty, and one of them accidentally goes off and severely injures a child.
  63: Someone from outside the town has come putting a bounty on a vaguely described person. Many people in town are actively looking for someone who might fit the description to collect the gold. Lots of distrust, rumour spreading, and even fights breaking out.
  64: A BBEG takes over the throne.
  65: Arena fighting competitions have started.
  66: The guards are plotting against the king.
  67: A portal to another plane has spawned and there are constantly monsters coming though the portal.
  68: An evil cult has taken over the city and tries to enslave everyone in it.
  69: A new brothel opens up
  70: Two different races have started a fight against eachother.
  71: The family who welcomed the party and were very kind to the party has been brutally murdered, except for the 8 year old daughter who is traumatised and doesn't want to speak anymore.
  72: The party has become wanted (dead or alive) because someone framed them (for murder?), all the guards are looking for them.
  73: The woman one of the party members fell in love with has gotten a boyfriend in the time they were away. (Or the other way around that the boy and girlfriend)
  74: Everyone in the city is preparing for an attack and when the party arrives, an army of ghosts is attacking the city.
  75: A God has died
  76: At the favorite pub of the heroes, the bar keeper has died yesterday. The assistant is running the inn/bar all by themselves in the meantime, and they're miserablely depressed 
  77: The land surrounding the town/city has been infested by cute and adorable furry animals,  they look kind of like koalas,  with huge round eyes and pleasing purring sounds, that makes people want to cuddle them. They’re in fact vicious man eating predators with razor sharp teeth. They lure their prey to them by looking adorable and can leap thirty feet from a standstill and bite a human’s carotid artery off. Nobody has been able to leave or approach town since they appeared.
  78: A powerful mage has put a spell on the city/town that makes everyone to spontaneously burst into elaborate song and dance numbers, whether they want to or not. Accompanying music comes from some unseen source. The town has been turned into a huge fairytale musical.
  79: The lords or kings daughter has died the day before an arranged marriage of convenience. Instead of telling anyone, but his closest courtiers, he is proceeding with the wedding. He has enlisted the help of a traveling theater company, who were going to perform at the wedding, so the actor playing the female lead roles will pretend to be the daughter for the ceremony and then make it seem she died shortly after. Only, the theater company is like in Shakespeare’s time and all the female roles are played by teenage boys whose voice hasn’t changed yet. Lots of cross dressing and hilarity ensues.
  80: The NPC who hired the party has died (murder or natural causes; your choice). How will they get paid? 
  81: Super nice town and then one night you realise why. It's purge night baby! All crime is legal for 24 hours and the gates are locked 
  82: A local celebrity was killed in a tragic accident
  83: A new invention was created
  84: A dangerous disease has begun spreading incredibly rapidly, about half the town is infected and the other half is thought to be immune
  85: A cleric at the local temple has rejected his own religion and has sparked public debate about what is and isnt real
  86: The sequel to a local favorite book or play has been announced and everyone cant wait for it to be released
  87: Everyone just disappears without any hint of how. No magic, no violence, no propaganda, no guards, just gone.
  88: Ambassador is caught with a underage mistress/paramour who is the mayor's or head of the guard's daughter/son.
  89: The sandwich is invented and is the talk of the town for efficiency and taste.
  90: A strange dog comes into town and starts to hoard a collection of weapons. It knows how to use them too.
  91: The local mayor died and the town is in the process of deciding between two new mayors who are both underqualified 
  92: For a single night, once every 7 years, the dead rise from their graves to revel with their living relatives. Either the party comes back after the festival to the villages population reburying their dead or come back that night to multiple coloured lanterns and undead dancing with the living.
  93: Tax collector has come into town. The party finds him tied up in the pig pen outside of town, angrily trying to escape his bonds.
  94: In a dwarf town, a band of weary elves enter looking for rest, or vice versa. Depending on setting, racial tension ensues.
  95: A meteor falls out of the sky one night, landing some ways away from the village. Some of the villagers went to check it out but never returned.
  96: A crazed gnome wizard swept through town, making everything pastel and brightly coloured.
  97: A hellhound came out of the nearby forest, ransacked the village butcher then fled with its gains back into the forest
  98: A stranger with a distinctive racial trait from a nearby kingdom who is showing a drawing which resembles a very talented cabaret dancer (with the same racial traits). He claims she is the daughter of a wealthy merchant owner of several international trading caravans, and he's heard she came here, and he wants her back.
  99: there's a scarecrow that a drunkard in the tavern claims he saw carrying it's own post across town to where it set itself up to see into a house. It's been moved every night since the party was last in town.
  100: There's an awakened squirrel causing mischief.
