dice: 1d59
results:
  1: A lord has asked the party to dispatch some low-life bandits who are terrorizing the local people. The bandits call themselves freedom fighters, fighting against the over taxing of the lord, taking the money off the middle class to fund for weapons, not wanting to give up vengeance against the lord who let their children starve.
  2: A farming community tell of a beast that has been killing their live stock. The beast is in fact a wild man, cursed by a witch to become a rampaging wolf at night. The witch cursed the man because he rebuked her love for the love of another.
  3: The people of a town talk of a demonic force that is terrorizing a few buildings and they want it gone. The demonic force is a very young child who lost their parents and made a pact with a fiend/devil to play with the child and keep them company forevermore.
  4: A Lord sends the party to investigate the lack of supplies coming from a usually thriving village in the woods. The Village is falling apart because the fruit and vegetables that they gather from the forests are rotten and shriveled. The reason for this is because the section of the forest is controlled by a group of overly charitable dryads that give their lives to supply the food and now the forest is dying with the last dryad.
  5: The party is hired to protect a caravan that contains medicine for a far away castle filled with plague infected commoners. A different town which is also far off hears of this, and attempts to raid the caravan to acquire the medicine for their own people who are also infected. There is not enough medicine nor time to get to both places. Outside the village. 
  6: Along the road to the village they come upon a huge ogre. He's carrying a big club and is covered in mud. If the players choose to talk with the ogre he will give them some of the freshly caught fish he has. If they choose to fight him, the ogre will scream and use his club to defend himself until he can run away. If the players decide to do the "murder hobo" type of thing and kill the ogre something else will happen.
  7: At the village gates they see a dragon. He seems angry. He breathes fire and mumbles under his breath about a bet and "The Eye of D". A number of times the fire comes awfully close to the trees surrounding the village. Inside the village.
  8: The players find the entire place crawling with guards depending on whether or not the players chose to fight the ogre. They have word that a number of bandits tried to mug the mayor's son. If the players succeeded in killing the ogre then the guards are looking for murderers. If the players choose to sit and eat the fish with the ogre, he will escort them to the village to meet his father.
  9: In the village there's a tavern. The owner of the tavern is a grizzled old man with a glass eye. He's big and hearty. Looks like he could take down a bear. His name, Denny (or something that starts with a 'D'). If the players talk to him he might tell a tale about how he almost defeated a dragon in an arm wrestling contest. Will trade work for anything the players choose.
  10: Rig an election
  11: Defend a wizard's tower while he's casting a ritual. The town's folk are up in arms because (half-way through the battle the party realizes) the wizard kidnapped a child for blood sacrifice.
  12: A devil promises one wish in exchange for his release from magical shackles
  13: The there is a plague and the only way to stop it from spreading is to burn a caravan of innocent people who may or may not be infected
  14: A vampire who doesn't want to hurt innocent people is found killing prisoners. But you know at least one prisoner was innocent awaiting trial.
  15: There is evidence that the noble family was murdered by changelings. But the changelings are benevolent rulers.
  16: Deliver a crate from the servants entrance of a nobles large and excessively decadent estate, across the city to a waiting ship on the roughest side of the docks. You are instructed to never open the box. Don't tilt the box. Don't damage the box. Don't lose the box. The box is more important than your own life until it is delivered. The crate is roughly a meter and a half on each side. The rather snooty butler who signed off on the contract made it clear and certain the contents of the box are worth more than the entire parties lives put together. When inspected closely with a DC 16 perception check in a quiet area very faint muffled sounds can be heard from within the box. Some possible threads if the party breaks contract and opens the box are below. \-Illegitimate tiefling twins of the noble, sold off to foreign rulers who wish to add them to their collection to save him the embarrassment of their existence. \-A servant girl who overheard the plot of the noble to gentrify the slums to eradicate the poor and make more money, she's being unwillingly smuggled away by the head butler for her own protection, who intends to do nothing with the information she has learned and keep it quiet. \-An artifact from the noble's collection worth a fortune. The sound is from the halfling thief who failed to steal it before the lid of the box was nailed shut. The local thieves guild are currently looking for his whereabouts presuming he's absconded with the loot, painting a target on their and the parties back.
  17: The party are told to find and kill a large Man-Wolf that has been stalking a village nearby. When they find its hideout, its a woman in pain and with no ability to control the curse.
  18: A small village in the middle of nowhere, stuck in a time loop that ends in fire and death. When the original fire happened the entire village died, except for a novice wizard. The wizard made a grave for all the people in the woods, but wasn't able to recover the bodies and so the graves are empty. He tried to revive the village, but his spell went horribly wrong, trapping their souls in the empty graveyard, leaving the fire to kill them again every night. The wizard also trapped in the loop but lost his magic and remembers everything. He knows the only way to end it is for all the villagers to be killed and buried with their souls. After several failed attempts to do it himself he gave up and just tries to scare off any normal people so they don't get caught in the fire.
  19: The party is hired by a foreign government or entities within the current government to infiltrate a peaceful protest and surreptitiously turn the protest violent. This will either give the government the justification it needs to send in soldiers to suppress the locals, or it will propel the protest into a revolution to overthrow a corrupt regime.
  20: Players get hired by a Wizard for protection. As of late, the Wizard has been hunted by devils/demons/twisted creatures of some sort from another plane. Turns out though, these creatures used to be living people- the Wizards former apprentices, who are coming back for revenge.
  21: Obligatory colonialism idea. PCs are hired to clear out kobolds from their mine nearby, so that humans can mine their silver.
  22: Anything from spec ops the line.
  23: A widow asks the party to find a pet for their child since their feeling down since the other parent died In reality the widowed parent abused both of them and the pet is only to pacify the child.
  24: An incredibly old Dragonborn wants the party to reclaim his families Silver Mine from bandits. These bandits havent stolen anything, but are rumoured to have captured prisoners. The whole town is nervous and is on the brink of sending in an angry mob! Turns out the rumours are somewhat true, but the bandits see themselves as bounty hunters and recently caught a group of pedophiles. Theyre using the mine to keep the children safe while they search for their parents.
  25: The major of a large district has hired the party to find out why a certain black cat is following him. He sees it everywhere whenever he leaves the house and his right hand man, a fairly sketchy Wizard, cant seem to do anything about it. The cat is an Awakened animal that saw the Major (almost universally liked in the town) murder a (_insert relevant minority race_) woman and her two children when she claimed they were his. The Wizard helped him cover it up.
  26: A new city is going to be built on the sight of an old mill town that's been abandoned for decades. Unfortunatly, the old inhabitants died off for a reason, and they are willing to rise from the grave to protect that terrifying secret.
  27: The party are sent to a crumbling tower to recover a special book for an old, sketch Wizard. Upon arriving, they find the books previous owner dead, still clutching the book in his withering hands. Next to him is his diary. If the players read it, they will discover that this book holds powerful secrets, and that every person who owns the book is killed by another before they can read the last page...
  28: It is well known that priests of (_Insert relevant god here_ eg Pelor) are spread thin. Because of this, they travel alone to small towns and villages without a proper temple to absolve the men and women of their sins and to teach them how to pray, etc. Recently, a man was found dead, nailed to a tree with the word Fornicator carved into his forehead. A second man was found, barely alive having the word Liar burned into his flesh over and over again. He swears that one of the travelling priests tried to kill him after he confessed his sins... but which one is it?
  29: Local travellers have gotten sick and tired of The Old Man of the Mountain. Hes an incredibly old man with a beard longer than he is tall and a voice like thunder. He calls down to anyone attempting to find passage through the mountain pass, telling them to turn back and that there is a curse on the mountain, or that there are terrifying creatures down there in the snow. He starts pelting people with rocks if they get too close and ignore him, forcing them to add another 3 days travel instead of using the pass. Is he telling the truth? Or is he just crazy like they all say?
  30: A village near some supposedly haunted woods recently outed a werewolf in their town and chased him into the forest. Now they hear howling at night and fear hell return. When they send the party to investigate, they discover he wasnt actually a werewolf, but was bitten and turned by one in the forest after he fled and has now joined a clan of peaceful werewolf druids that are pissed off with the townsfolk for hunting them and disturbing nature when all the want to do is live peacefully among the trees.
  31: Overnight, a forest seems to have sprung up around a small village near a swamp. When the party are sent to investigate, they find regular forest animals in all the houses, but theyre acting like people, struggling to clean human clothes, bake bread and gather water. The party can not understand these creatures (unless they can cast speak with animals), but can eventually understand they all want them to go further into the nearby swamp. Once there, the party locate a witch who candidly states that she cursed the townsfolk to become beasts, and theyll forget they were ever human before the end of the month. She gives you two options. "Give me something of emotional value from each of you, or kill me, but be warned, there may be consequences..."
  32: An entire mountain village are advertising a magical wellspring that can grant any who bathe in it the power of a dragon! The opportunity (although incredibly expensive) is too good not to investigate. What theyre NOT telling everyone is that this Magical Wellspring is actually the crystal blue blood of a dragon that is beyond ancient and the last of its kind. They have it chained up inside the mountain it used to call its home and have bled it to the point that its almost dead. What will the party do? Fight these dragon infused people? Or let an innocent, good hearted creature suffer?
  33: The party are sent to investigate a plague that has taken a large walled city to the brink. Less than 100 people out of tens of thousands are left and the government doesnt seem to care. Once inside, you cannot leave until it is solved. Once inside however, you learn that this is the work of a monster FAR stronger than you are ready for. The city is full of dead adventurers sent before you, many stronger than you, and their epic equipment and letters detailing who should get their belongings if they perish (a last will). You also discover a way to escape the city through a hole in the wall near the graveyard where the monster is said to lurk. Do you let the people hope for your triumph, only to abandon them with the spoils? Or do you fight the seemingly unbeatable foe and risk it all?
  34: A local cult have become very vocal that they are looking for new members to join them in spiritual bonding and meditation in a clearing near a waterfall. The townsfolk nearby think its fishy and are getting riled up, but it doesnt appear that these cultists are doing anything wrong or magical at all... except openly admitting that theyre in a cult.
  35: A cart has been seemingly crashed and abandoned on the side of the road, guards in heavy armour skewered by arrows and crossbow bolts. You can hear a man, woman and children screaming for help from the overturned carriage, but can seem to see the bandits, who may still be nearby after killing the guards. What should the party do?
  36: (me) People have been getting food poisoning without any apparent reason. In secrecy, the local wizard or alchemist has been magically changing the corpses of humans (or rotten dead animals) into prime livestock meat. The town will starve without the extra food, but will continue to fall ill with it.
  37:  A wizard has been terrorizing the region in the search of magic items and materials for a powerful ritual. The wizard and their cohorts have been relying on extortion, theft, banishment, and assault to acquire the materials. It is said that they are currently looking to wipe out a village in the mountains. Wizard is doing these things to perform a powerful ritual to repulse or destroy a cloud giant fortress that is home to many foul extraplanar entities. If the fortress is allowed to gain a foothold in our plane then the kingdom will be at risk for invasion. Wizard tried to raise a warning of this threat and procure materials ethically but were met with mockery and hostility by both the nobility and commoners alike.
  38:  A local lord has slaughtered their servants. He wes, however, under the influence of a Devil which he made a deal with because his wife could not bear child. She is now pregnant. Will you enact revenge on the families and let a child grow without their father or shall you let this murder and devil worshipper go?
  39:  The Kidnap Job. the daughter of a local lord ran away from home, is now in danger, and the lord has hired the party to find her and bring her safely back home. However, as the party gathers more clues and gets closer to retrieving her they figure out that she had reason to flee and that the danger might have been caused by one of her father's plots that got out of hand.
  40:  Orcs have been raiding, raping, enslaving, and pillaging a local township. The lord pays you a handsome fortune to end the orc band once and for all. When you approach the leader of the orc clan, after killing at least one wave of his scouts and lookouts, you find out that the township has been stealing orc children and using them as slaves in a mine.
  41: (C) A man sends the party to kill a band if revenants haunting him and his family. When the party arrives, they find one living person who explains that the band of revenants were killed by the man while he was a cruel knight. The former knight is repentant, but knows that should he die, the revenants may kill his family as well, therefore keeping them hostile towards one another.
  42: the party is hired by a powerful group of merchants in the business of magical and rare items. Recently a new venue popped up in town, called baubles for a bargain, offers quite useful items for a few mere gold pieces at most. they ask the party to investigate this mysterious new shop and its equally mysterious owner. they are confident something twisted is afoot. They explain that this new shop is upsetting the local economy and staining the reputation of the merchants, who are starting to get accused of abusing their wealth and power to reserve the possession of magical items for the elite. the merchants already attempted cutting off the flow of supply of both finished products and raw materials coming into baubles for a bargain, but they are still consistently able to keep their shelves stocked. the party is offered a handsome reward and a network of useful contacts if they are successful in ridding the city of this new and dangerous "plague". The shop-keep, Martha, is a beautiful middle aged woman who appears to be very nice and approachable. When asked where she gets her items from or why shes selling so low, she just says its a trade secret, regardless of how high you roll persuasion or intimidation. If you attempt to cast any spells on her to get more information, the spell will be resisted and she will politely ask you to respect her privacy. upon further investigation, Martha is actually a night hag, and she crafts her items out of the nightmares she collects naturally from the townspeople around her to create items geared toward easing their anxiety. example. a man has a nightmare about his pants falling in public, so she creates and sells him a belt that will never fail to keep your pants above your waist. These items don't have any bad twists, and Martha genuinely just wants to run an honest business while helping the people around her. However, recently Martha has been looking to expand both her product line and target audience. Adventurers are the prime market when it comes to buying and selling magic, and she wants a piece of that pie. She is offering people customized magic items that fit you perfectly, but she doesn't tell them that to do this she must invade their dreams and manipulate their nightmares to craft the item. These experiences are excruciatingly terrifying and last for weeks. if the party sides with the merchants. they earn the reward and a network of valuable contacts for more profitable quests. If they side with martha and report that nothing is fishy, she will continue to do what she is doing, now giving the players a very valuable resource. A magic item vendor that sells quality items for cheaper than market price. 
  43: A magic spring near a bandit camp that makes the bandits jolly and charitable. But 5% of those who drink from the spring are turned into lycanthropes that hunt and kill with the Glee of a old timey clown. (The spring can be disenchanted easily but it's inhabitants will return to their ways)
  44: A necromancer mother raises her dead daughter from the grave. The father can't stand to watch his little girl turned into a monster.
  45: A lich that caused the genocide and torture of hundreds, faked his death and is trying to make amends with the gods before his phalactory decays.
  46: A man is being sentenced to death for the deaths that the party has left in their wake. If the party comes clean, they will be wanted through out the land.
  47:  Coastal village expands, gets more business, needs more food. They expand their fishing operations and encroach on some mermaids territory and home. Skirmishes happen, and both sides grow to hate and alienate each other. I intend to introduce it to the players through the town saying that the mermaids are attacking fishing ships, and terrorising sailors. As the players are paid to go out and help/guard the fishing ships, a mermaid will come up to them and ask them to move elsewhere, and otherwise discuss the problem. This quest can be moulded for whatever purpose, and it will get a bit freestyle, but the point of the morally ambiguous is there. Conflict can be further instigated by using an extremist mermaid faction, who want to fight, so regardless of player actions with the mermaid, you could take it how you want.
  48:  Plenty of botchlings start to terrorize remote village. Long story short - turns out that there was an old hag that helped to perform abortions for poor women during last few decades. The aborted fetuses were burried somewhere near her hidden hut, somewhere in the twisted forest. The hag died lately and the aborted children suddenly rise from the graves and crawl into the village seeking their parents - either wanting their love or simple revenge. People are terrified, few have died, many talk of curse. Short investigation should help to estabilish a connection between the attacks and the families which had 'lost their child'. The abortions are taboo in the village. Villagers will try to hire PCs to help with the curse by whatever means, but soon the players will find out about the origins of this mess. Why the villagers did it? Same reasons as always - not enough food to go around, romances to hide, fear of abusing husbands... and the hag was there for the people. Now she is gone and her methods have proven to be, well, time-restricted.
  49:  There's an army on the move across the Great Desert, moving slowly along a path of oasis-like tree groves. Ahead of the now-organized bandit-legion is a single monk with a unique magical item capable of building a new oasis overnight and is doing so to provide travelers with a safe respite from the desert heat and the lack of water, acting out of penance and guilt for failing to provide for their former companions. If the PCs stop the monk, they'll be stranding future travelers and preventing them from fleeing the bandit-legion; if they allow the monk to continue, they'll be responsible for an invasion force surviving the only natural defense the heartland has to offer.
  50: PCs discover a town in a deserted iron mine, populated by the survivors of a purge of "undesirables" (read as. nonhuman races). Having managed to stay beneath notice, they're due to be discovered when the rightful owner of the mine reopens it in a matter of a few weeks. With over two thousand people living in the dark, deep passages of the mines, they're now faced with a troubling choice. make a break for the surface world or dig deeper and deeper and try their luck in the Underdark. Players have the option of trying to relocate or defend the group of refugees and asylum-builders. Bonus points if one or more of the PCs share heritage or religious beliefs with the unhappy campers.
  51:  Travelers ate being attacks by goblins for their food. The goblins are relatively peaceful otherwise and will starve without the food. Bonus pounts if the party arrives where ever the goblins are in the middle of a goblin town hall led by their democratically elected leader.
  52: A beloved pillar of the community needs help in his home that cleric or paladin need not heed. The guards are not allowing anyone but those investigating see the crime scene. If you accept to help, you must sign a form not to tell a soul of what you see. The incident happened in the victim's basement and the victim's victims are in cages, undead, some sentient dead, some living but missing limbs, all missing children of the surrounding towns. The problem is obvious that the child who strapped on the table is now the pillar as a rebounding spell ripped the soul of the pillar and put him into the child's body. The pillar's body is dead and broken. The pillar is in a rotting corpse now and time is ticking. Without the pillar, night hags will begin to move on the village as the covens have been repealed by his rituals for 75 years now. Now the party must kidnap an old man traveling for a honest business trip as he is of clean body and soul, force him into a ritual, put the pillar's soul into his body and the old man's soul into the corpse. Night hags polymorphed as guards and merchants will try to talk the party into doing "the right thing".
  53:  The local magistrate has employed the party to take care of a grim (the spirit of a black dog charged with protecting the spirits of a cemetery) so that the city can re-develop the site of the cemetery for economic gain. The party discovers that the local governor is actually a changeling posing as the previous one. It turns out that the entire city knows, as the previous governor was put in place by the Empire, which deposed the governor before him even though he was beloved by the population. The party has been told to destroy a beast that has been rampaging across the local townships. Once you find him, you discover that its an ogre who just doesnt know his own strength and was forced to run (destroying part of a town in the process) when the town tried to kill him for accidentally stepping on a farm boy. The party is forced to pick a side between the Githyanki and Githzerai, who, for all intents and purposes, have each wronged each other in equal measure.
  54:  The party enters a village, hearing panic, sobbing of a woman, a scream of a man, and someone runs up to them. They explain that they caught two thieves robbing them. One stabbed a villager and ran, the other grabbed a child and is holding them hostage in a barn. They can hear the mob around the barn getting angry. SO, if they go help the man, and chase the thief, they can save him and likely catch the thief. However, the mob might get too angry and storm the barn, resulting in the death of the thief and child. If they go to the barn, they must find a way to help the child, but the other thief might get away and the man might die.
  55:  An army has had a supply cart come in late and they can't send men out of the outpost due to manning being low. The quest giver says he know it is monsters who killed them. When you go to the supply cart, all the bodies have been riddled with arrows but all the arrows have been removed. Oddly enough, there is an obviously placed goblin who has been dead for at least a month. There are deep wagon treads that lead into the forest. When you get to a hill with a big tree on it, 20 child soldiers come out and aim their bows at you. The leader says, "You can turn back right now and say the local goblin tribes got the bastards who kill our parents. Ain't like they were going to spare little Susie and Annette another rape after they find us" You decline, fight orphans. You accept, they send you off with a crippled six year old as to keep you from ratting on them and a bag of goblin ears to turn in for a reward. The six year old will act like a perfect angel but is a foul mouth, salt of the earth, spy. The quest giver will seize the boy on sight and yell "these little monsters are the scum of the earth. Should have told the troops to kill the boys and enslave the girls." Boy will drop the ears and say start crying "I dont know what ye talks about, kind sir. I's just the bag boy for the gentlesir you sent off to kill them green skins." The soldiers who see this will side with the child as the quest giver is the prick of the camp. Party must stay loyal to the ploy for the kid to not die. Reward will be a fourth of what was promised for goblin ears as and doubled if they rat on the kids.
  56:  A necromancer has been sending his undead to a nearby villages to raid supplies in an otherwise barren land and has been accused of grave robbing. When confronting the necromancer, the party finds out that he is only gathering supplies so he can find and restore his long dead family; spouse, children, pets. He only wants to see them one more time.
  57:  A young giant has escaped from the circus, the circus is willing to pay an enormous sum to have it returned and is fearing for the safety of the nearby villages. When running into the giant it has an affinity for shiny objects and trusts the players if lured by this. But when seeing the circus ringleader begins freaking out and vefore giving the money the ring leader asks your help holding it down to maim him as punishment for running, and the cage for the giant is laughably too small. if the giant is allowed to roam free indeed he starting rummaging through villages destroying things all in the sake of finding new shiny things
  58:  The players are hired to clear out a kobold nest that's been robbing caravans recently. Inside the nest they find that the kobolds are actually caring for a very young (metallic) dragon orphan and stealing was the only way for them to feed it
  59:  A widow asks the party to find a pet for their child since their feeling down since the other parent died. In reality the widowed parent abused both of them and the pet is only to pacify the child.
