dice: 1d95
times: 10
results:
    1:  Convince a loan shark to forgive a mans debt
    2:  Helping a poor lad win a race so that he can win the heart of his crush.
    3:  Babysit for a friendly fey power-couple whose magically-gifted children love playing games like "the floor is made of lava," "don't let the balloon touch the ground," and "freeze tag."
    4:  Light all the sacred shrine lanterns along a deserted mountain trail.
    5:  Investigate the site of a meteor crash in the deep woods.
    6:  Track down a cow that broke free from the herd and return it to the farmer (alive)
    7:  convince someones child not to become a soldier/ adventurer.
    8:  Convince someone's parents that they should allow their child to be a soldier or adventurer.
    9:  Take a lesson from a BARD and make a performance.
    10:  Use your spells to aide in a Play or performance.
    11:  Look into strange happenings around town. (It's just restless kids/ teens playing pranks)
    12:  Take some food/ supplies to the orphanage outside of town.
    13:  Help gather food for the upcoming celebratory feast (fruit from the orchard, grain or vegetables from the fields, herbs and mushrooms from the forest, etc. Choose what makes most sense in your setting)
    14:  Harvest honey from a certain beehive with the sweetest honey. The bees there are notoriously ornery.
    15:  Gather rare medicinal herbs to help the local healer brew a salve for Little Timmy who's sick.
    16:  The town's blacksmith has broken his arm. Figure out a way to keep the town supplied until he's back on his feet.
    17:  An NPC's party is a total snooze fest. Liven it up. Let your players interpret that as they wish...
    18:  Negotiate with the local kobold tribe over mining rights and dues.
    19:  Spy on the populace for a local lord, to find the insurrectionists.
    20:  Convince a proud weapon smith to make plow shares, instead of his legendary blades. (The blades end up sentient and cursed after so many battles.)
    21:  Infiltrate a thieves guild, to unmask the new Puppet Master.
    22:  Rebuild a home destroyed by bandits
    23:  Help a local cleric move a sofa
    24:  Re-light a signal fire on top of a mountain
    25:  Participate in a talent show
    26:  Challenge the village bullies to a game of basketball
    27:  Deliver secret letters for two star crossed lovers from rival houses.
    28:  Solve the murder mystery.
    29:  Find the elven queen and get magical soil and seeds to heal the recently cleaned blighted forest.
    30:  Win a tournament of carnival games.
    31:  Win a poker/card/dice tournament.
    32:  Deliver a love letter.
    33:  Take a group to the school prom.
    34:  Fix up a bunch of broken items in the shopkeepers place.
    35:  Be a member of the jury for a very grey case
    36:  Set up trade agreements between competing guilds to help alleviate the amount of sabotage in the business.
    37:  Train a group of guards in how to anticipate the often unpredictable actions of adventurers.
    38:  Host a support group for "I think my child might be turning evil"
    39:  Resolve a miners strike for the local magistrate.
    40:  Save a servants job by finding the missing silver and prove she didnt pilfer it.
    41:  Raise funds from the tight-fisted local aristocracy to build an orphanage for the children orphaned by the recent war, to which the local aristocracy was heavily called upon to financially support by the Baron/Duchess/Queen, etc.
    42:  Perform a puppet show for the children of a fey court to keep them entertained and out of mischief while their parents/guardians attend court.
    43:  Collect living magical beasts for the local Countesss Mystical Menagerie.
    44:  Take the Baronesss teenage son on a heroic adventure as he is enamored with adventurers and longs for an epic quest, but is socially awkward, bad with weapons, clumsy, and so far unable to learn even cantrips. They are forbidden from placing him in front of any real threat. Do they put on a completely faux adventure or attempt to build his confidence and teach him skills?
    45:  Prove the innocence of a man accused of theft of a noble's jewels
    46:  Find a way to repair a large windmill that helps drive the town
    47:  Put on a play for a group of orphans after the local actor troupe quit
    48:  Interview witnesses of a possible murder
    49:  Interview applicants for the job of henchman
    50:  Get alchemical supplies for healing potions to a remote town dealing with a disease outbreak
    51:  Deal with a noble's son bullying and throwing his weight around
    52:  Plan security for a festival. They have to be careful, too tight and it's no fun. Too loose, and it can get out of hand. Include different areas where things can go wrong (party boats, shooting range, stuff for kids in the morning).
    53:  A local orphanage is going to be shut down. The only way to keep it open is to win the cash prize at the local talent show/battle of the bands.
    54:  A series of combat fake-outs where a siege turns out to be a festival, but the party needs to convince them to clear a path from the front gate. Then some marauders attack but it turns out they're just larping, but they are still bothering travelers, etc.
    55:  Help Catsy Cline the tabaxi farmer do chores around her farm with lots of unusual creatures.
    56:  Help a group of mourners put on a funeral. You'll need to play music and cater food.
    57:  Try to beat the Fairy Godfather at a casino game to win a magic item.
    58:  A woman's flock of prize chickens were spooked away by last night's storm. They look to be a different breed than most other chickens in the area. Help her round them up safe and sound and she'll give you a warm meal and a small reward.
    59:  A young boy asks for help to find his runaway family dog. He gives you a shabby old blanket covered in fur and tells you it was her favorite. Under the smudges of mud and dead leaves, you notice finely embroidered clothes that suggest that he comes from a wealthy family.
    60:  A performer who was supposed to make an appearance at the tavern the party is staying at hasn't shown up yet. Either find them or stall for time so the crowd doesn't get bored!
    61:  A house party in the city has been getting lots of noise complaints. Break it up and send the drunk guests home.
    62:  A little girl's direcat got stuck in a tree.
    63:  A wizard's familiar is going on strike. Apparently it doesn't like dying so much.
    64:  Find a very small lost item.
    65:  Be bodyguards for someone who just wants them for the prestige. They are incredibly irritating but under no threat of violence.
    66:  Retrieve a blink dog or semi intangible animal.
    67:  Write a diplomatic letter for an inept ruler to prevent disaster.
    68:  Help out local farmers before the first frost rolls in.
    69:  Babysit a powerfully magical infant.
    70:  Rescue a cat from a giant magical tree (its near the top)
    71:  Find and bring back a child lost in a maze (the maze changes and uses illusions)
    72:  Fill in for some performers who are unavailable (sick, hurt, left). Could be a play, stunts, music, etc. (lots of role playing, write an outline of challenges they'll encounter during it)
    73:  Help someone find a loophole in a contact with a demon / fey
    74:  Gather rare ingredients for a particular perfume, poison, or potion for an alchemist.
    75:  Help the local blacksmith with their next armor piece.
    76:  Baby sit a bunch of old time adventures with dementia. Their class abilities are still intact, they're just senile.
    77:  Someone seeks help in solving a magical puzzle box they inherited from a family member.
    78:  Plant some false information, either by rumour, or in letter form. Make sure the correct people learn this information. Bonuses for making them believe it comes from an enemy of theirs, not the player, and is supposed to be secret.
    79:  Help a local chef win a cook off by gathering his necessary exotic ingredients (marketplace, dark market, going and getting them yourself from the wilderness)
    80:  Go with a dragon studies professor to study a dragon's habits.
    81:  A changling has a sword pulled on them by their friends after telling them they're a changling.
    82:  Declog a sewer pipe in the sewers beneath the city. There is a homeless werebeaver living there that is unknowingly building a dam, causing the blockage, during full moons.
    83:  Track down a cowardly sentient ooze with a magic item.
    84:  Win a poetry competition in a cave of intelligent pacifist orcs
    85:  Help a lone forest dweller unblock the mountain path from storm debris
    86:  Help an astral dragon return to its home plane.
    87:  Help with rebuilding an intricate shrine so the settlement it's built around can receive the blessing of its god(s) once more. Proper reconstruction probably requires it to be partly made of rare materials using exotic techniques.
    88:  Help the festival planners in preventing an important festival competition/election/nomination from being rigged.
    89:  Accompany a famous explorer(s) as they seek to catalog new sights with the aid of 'fresh yet experienced perspectives'.
    90:  Rescue a merchant caravan trapped in a stormy mountain pass.
    91:  Tutor a newborn demigodlike being in mortal matters, so that it can blend in with the mortal family it is raised with.
    92:  Help the local government investigate and assess candidates for an office of high esteem, requiring specific traits e.g. unwavering loyalty, honesty, a propensity for pragmatism, etc.
    93:  Bring a renowned artist to somewhere they've never been so they can become inspired once more.
    94:  One of the locals owns a hyperactive blink dog as a pet. Recently they hurt their leg so need someone to take it for a walk. WCGW.
    95:  Recover several missing sandbags and get them to the town before the coming storm.
