dice: 1d100
results: 
  1:  Snorts every now and then
  2:  Typical High pitched granny
  3:  Sound of cleaning teeth with tongue
  4:  British posh ( potato in the mouth style)
  5:  Nasaled
  6:  A wording crouch, ya see, ya see!!!
  7:  St...st...stutter
  8:  Creepy repetition of the last word word
  9:  Yoda speak they do
  10:  super whisper all the time
  11:  LOUD AND BOISTEROUS LAUGHING SOMETIMES AS WELL
  12:  Pausing at times....that don’t work (the Christopher Walken approach)
  13:  Pausing... at ...times... that really...don’t work... (William Shatner approach)
  14:  Lisping
  15:  Always repeating the last two words of the previous speaker
  16:  Awkward timing for burping (additional skill recommended)
  17:  Ending every speaking part with a sidetracking question
  18:  Replies with a single word whenever possible.
  19:  Monotone, even when happy or furious.
  20:  They stop after every sentence, never really telegraphing when they are finished talking
  21:  Nervous. speaks quickly, eyes darting around, often licks lips
  22:  Speaks like an AC-TOR. overexaggerate all the mouth motions and project clearly.
  23:  Pick a syllable. every time they say that syllable, it gets lengthened or shortened unnaturally
  24:  Clearly a snake. lengthens all their sssssses.
  25:  Smacks and purses lips at odd point in the sentence
  26:  Runs sentences together, then takes breaths a few words after the start of the next sentence
  27:  Only speaks out of the corner of their mouth - keep one side of your lips pressed together while speaking
  28:  Speaks through clenched teeth
  29:  Has a severe underbite or overbite - push your lower jaw forward or backward while speaking
  30:  Pull your tongue back so that it hits the middle of your palate instead of the front while pronouncing ts, ns, rs etc
  31:  Attempt to speak with your mouth as closed as possible, almost without moving your lips
  32:  Pull the corners of your mouth back, like a fake smile
  33:  Replace all vowels with the same vowel. This can get close to a parody accent, so try it out before bringing it to the table!
  34:  Speaks with the tip of the tongue pushed out between the teeth.
  35:  Instead of saying 'uh' or 'um', use another syllable or word. A wizard might use 'hmm', an orc might growl, etc
  36:  Never finishes a sentence without going off on tangents and switching trains of thought
  37:  Every sentence is a question
  38:  Wildly VARYING! intonation? andspeedof wooorrrddds.
  39:  Lots of extraneous words, yeah, but, y'see, the thing is... like I said, lots of extraneous words. Words. See?
  40:  Never uses articles such as 'a' or 'the'
  41:  Every wonderful word has extra dewy soft adjectives
  42:  Says UWU in replace of important words
  43:  stopping talking for a moment to see something that catched his eye (a butterfly etc)
  44:  Whispering "secrets" using a skill check all the time.
  45:  Demure and soft spoken when addressing a group and loud with bulging eyes when addressing a single individual
  46:  Eyes darting back and forth from people and innanimate objects after only a few words and licking their lips only when speaking to one chosen individual or object.
  47:  Using a puppet
  48:  Is always taking their jacket (or some article of clothing) off and putting it back on.
  49:  A voice that is barely containing from bursting out in song.
  50:  A deep and stern voice that gets super high when triggered by....something?
  51:  Every conversation starts with a one word sentence. Their next sentence has two. The next 3. Then 4. And on and on. This pattern resets when the subject is changed or possibly when they reach a certain sentence length. (Might make this a curse that ends/transfers when someone copies the pattern with them for a few sentences)
  52:  They drink after almost every sentence.
  53:  99% of this persons speech is swearing.
  54:  Morose. Depressed. Think of Eeyore (sigh a lot, look down and shake your head).
  55:  Paranoid. Look over your shoulder often, say 'shh...' and listen sideways.
  56:  Tongue-tied. (talk with your tongue thtuck to your fwont teef) but be very serious, not silly. "Hewwo, fewwo twavewers. I am Word Wuwor, of Owington, eweveth in wine to the thwone." Click your heels and bow deeply. "You do me agweat therwith."
  57:  Distracted. Look off to the side, say "huh? Oh, yeah yeah yeah".
  58:  Itchy. Don't describe it, don't even mention it aloud, just dramatically scratch various places as you talk.
  59:  Half deaf. Speak loud and ask 'what?' often, or better yet, speak extra softly.
  60:  Mute. Uses only hand gestures.
  61:  Blind. Put your hands on their face as they speak. If you start laughing, you'll lose them. Remember, try to be very serious.
  62:  Common as second language. Use a strange dialect. Click your tongue every other word and start (or end) every word with 'ssss'. "swelcome sfellow click stravellers Siam click sLord sluthor click sssuv sowington click seleventh sin click sline stew click sthe sthrone click"
  63:  Dizzy. Sway from side to side as you listen but not when you speak.
  64:  Close Talker . has no sense of a personal bubble.
  65:  Short Stopper . they never finish their senten
  66:  Curser . every other word is profanity. But in a different language. "Where the sheggle is my kirding leffer map?"
  67:  Phlegmy . keeps grossly clearing their throat. Khhhhuuuuuuuggggrrrhhhh. Kuh. Kuuuuuuuugggghhhhhrhhh."
  68:  Bad teeth . covers their mouth when they speak
  69:  Breathy . "hhhhappy bihrthday mihhhster prehhhhsident"
  70:  Speak without separating your teeth
  71:  Keeps saying random stuff until BA tells them to shut up. "It's Captain Socky!" (A-Team reference to Mad Murdock. .) )
  72:  Uses “the” in every sentence. I wrote an essay that way and it was pretty fun
  73:  Slightly sniffly
  74:  Tap your foot on the ground/ hands on the table constantly
  75:  Curl your tongue up into the roof of your mouth
  76:  Add underhanded/sarcastic comments in whispers during conversation “oh hello! You’re here again! _under their breath_wooonderful”
  77:  Laughs after every joke with a single loud HA!
  78:  Speak with your hands! _vigorous hand waving_
  79:  Intermittently clack your teeth together
  80:  Don’t look at the players when speaking, look at and fidget with your fingers and clothes
  81:  breathe audibly when not speaking
  82:  Only uses proper nouns
  83:  Barks at the end of each sentence
  84:  Never addresses anyone by the correct name
  85:  Imitate any characters in the technicolor films Robin Hood or Ivanhoe
  86:  Become BRIAN BLESSED
  87:  Constantly looking behind themselves as if they are being watched or expecting someone to find them, thus speaking quickly and trying to rush whatever is being said ie Oh, hey, welcome to (insert city) Wha? looks over shoulder sharply what was that? Hm nothing, alright, sorry what do you need again?Kind of like distracted but more worried and anxious
  88:  Narcoleptic, as in falls asleep mid sentence and the players must attempt to wake them up somehow
  89:  Rhymes all the times
  90:  Over explain everything, even if it's obvious. It's a good and quirky way to add some character to an NPC in role playing games like D&D, that's Dungeons & Dragons in case you were wondering.
  91:  Repeats a key phrase in a whispered tone. ... in a whispered tone
  92:  Tries to speak in puns. The more pun-ishing, the better.
  93:  repeats every sentence just said but under their breath as they're inhaling to say the next sentence. (my brother and several people I know do this and it drives me up the wall)
  94:  Constantly referring to people by condescending little nicknames. Chief, Sport, Tiger, Kid, Cat, Skippy, Pal, Killer, Dog, Guy, Boss, Junior, Ace, Champ, Slugger, Bud, Kiddo, Amigo, Bro, Slick, Son, Cap'n, Hoss, Tex, Slim, Doc, Jack, Fella, Cuz....
  95:  I like slow and methodical with articulation, think Snape from Harry Potter.
  96:  Wizard/similar intellectual. Give the wizard a special lexicon to refer to common terms in their own, intelligent way. For example. instead of Transmutation it's Etheric Chemistry and instead of Illusion it's Mimetic Dimensional Alteration
  97:  Begins every statement with "So, like..."
  98:  Pick a letter like "s" or "h" (but not "th") as a letter to over emphasize.
  99:  clergyman sing song
  100:  Roll eight times and keep all results to create a truly horrifying/confusing NPC.
