dice: 1d107
results:
  1: Rubs their hands frequently as if constantly cold
  2: Speaks only in a soft whisper
  3: Always speaks at a higher than necessary volume, as though everyone around them is hard of hearing
  4: Sniffles/coughs every few words
  5: Only calls people by their full names
  6: Slowly licks their lips before they say something
  7: Inflicts pain on themselves to demonstrate their dedication to their faith or as punishment for sins
  8: Makes inappropriate jokes in serious moments. 
  9: Always agrees with everyone, even if it means contradicting herself (i.e. agreeing with both sides of an overheard argument). 
  10: Has to close eyes to concentrate for even the most trivial recall of memory. 
  11: Laughs at own farts and enjoys the aroma. 
  12: Unable to give own opinion, always deferring to others. Avoids questions about their point of view. 
  13: Always has a good word to say about everyone. At first this seems like an endearing quality, but over time it sounds increasingly insincere. 
  14: Twirls a twig around their fingers basically constantly (like some people do with pencils). 
  15: Flinches/Winces any times anyone mentions dwarves. 
  16: Has a long title, and DEMANDS it is used whenever they are mentioned. 
  17: Stares off into the distance until it's their turn to do something 
  18: Must touch doors, poles, and torches they pass 
  19: Overly attached to other peoples possessions 
  20: Constantly twists and strains their neck, making cracking noises 
  21: Always glancing back over their shoulder, as if looking for someone following them 
  22: Glares and squints during conversations when a person describes anything in detail, as if trying to discern whether they are telling the truth through force of will, no matter how banal the detail is 
  23: Sniffs loudly, with their nose in the air, when anyone below their station speaks to them and will only speak to them disdainfully 
  24: Acts with extreme deference to those stationed above them 
  25: Always preaching their faith, no matter what the conversation is, they always manage to turn it around to their religion 
  26: Their eyes do not blink in unison 
  27: Constantly trying to keep the last few wisps of hair on their head covering the rest of their baldness 
  28: Waggles their eye brows 
  29: Berates and scolds people for even the slightest infractions 
  30: Converses with someone only they can see or hear, asking their opinion for important decisions 
  31: Finds joy in there own pain 
  32: Always audably comments on the weather when going out doors. 
  33: Starts answers to any questions with "hmm." 
  34: Counts using his fingers, even for large sums. 
  35: Always sneezes twice when it starts raining. 
  36: Picks their nose when they think no one is looking (they totally are). 
  37: They stare for a bit too long. 
  38: They continuously cast a benign cantrip when nervous. 
  39: They tend to ramble about anything they talk about. 
  40: Their booming voice commandeers any conversation they are a part of. 
  41: They tend to interrupt people. 
  42: They always stand or sit with their backs to walls and facing the doorway. 
  43: They analyze everyone to see if they're lying. 
  44: They say little preferring to glean as much information as possible 
  45: Begins most conversations with cruel personal japes
  46: Laughs maniacally in combat. The tougher the foe, the greater the laughter. 
  47: Giggles nervously when trying to lie, or when they know that someone else is. 
  48: Forgots about personal space and is overly affectionate. 
  49: Cracks her jaw making a loud noise. 
  50: Smells like a specific fruit. 
  51: Stares blankly at the roof and mumbles gibberish 
  52: Relates everything to a historical event 
  53: Always seems to be itching, and scratches their nether-regions when they think no one is looking. 
  54: Eats constantly but never seems to gain any weight 
  55: Rolls their eyes when anyone besides themselves is speaking 
  56: Only approves of regimented conversations. If anyone seems to speak out of turn they will be reprimanded. Expects every response to have a beginning, middle and end. 
  57: Always has bedhead 
  58: Has a shrill, horrible laugh 
  59: Overuses people's names in conversation, especially the person they're talking to. 
  60: Doesn't address others by name unless absolutely necessary. 
  61: Emotes with their entire face, especially their eyebrows. 
  62: Has a deadpan expression on at all times. 
  63: Has a short catchphrase they use to enter or exit conversations 
  64: Gives nicknames to their friends. 
  65: Gives nicknames to their enemies. 
  66: Will inhale with a short "yea" sound every few breaths to signify that they are still listening. 
  67: Uses several different hand gestures to frame their face while speaking. 
  68: Keeps trying to tell jokes, but busts up laughing before they finish the punchline. 
  69: Over-explains everything. 
  70: Is casually racist against Tieflings. 
  71: Is always hunched over as if they are trying to take up less space. 
  72: Flinches whenever violence is mentioned 
  73: Acts aggressive towards aggressive people, but mild around others 
  74: Likes to constantly be playing with something 
  75: When in a conversation, they always look slightly over the other person's shoulder 
  76: Always notices the face of every person they pass 
  77: Studiously avoid eye contact with everybody, especially strangers 
  78: Flexes their weapon hand when frustrated or angry
  79: Grinds his teeth when angry
  80: Never lets a question go unanswered and never lets a lie go unchallenged
  81: Chews their lip when lying
  82: Counts coin meticulously
  83: Counts on their fingers
  84: Bites any coin to ensure it's real
  85: Weighs any coins on a scale to make sure it's real
  86: Acts nervous when they're actually telling the truth 
  87: Calls out to a specific deity in times of trouble. The name of this one god is reserved only for matters truly serious, though, and is often only heard in the context of battle, a grave wound, or their luck going sour all at once. 
  88: Plays instinctively with other people's pets
  89: Trains in the yard every day at dawn
  90: Is honourable to a fault. Too trusting and unwilling to indulge in underhand tactics
  91: Wipes their runny nose on their sleeve or hand, and then always wants to end the conversation with a handshake/embrace/backslap. 
  92: Often pauses mid-sentence when speaking to gather their thoughts. As a result, is often interrupted by talkative characters, and will take grave offense. 
  93: Fidgets with increasing intensity as any interaction drags on, as if needing to use the restroom (and maybe they do!). 
  94: Licks lips frequently. 
  95: Always brushing hair out of their eyes, twirling their mustache/beard, rubbing their scalp, or wiping their brow. 
  96: Always buys a round for all in the establishment when first arriving at a tavern
  97: Touches a particular trinket when in need of luck
  98: Acts with giddy excitement when talking to adventurers, often using words like 'marvellous', 'wonderful' and 'incredible' when listening to their tales.
  99: Owes a life debt to someone and is fanatically loyal to them
  100: Goes out of their way to learn the abilities of their comrades, the best to maximise their tactical efficiency
  101: Writes and sells romanticised versions of the adventures of people they meet as short stories or ballads.
  102: Sleeps with their weapon by/in their bed.
  103: Gives chocolate or sweets to someone who has been through a hard time.
  104: Always makes home cooked food for strangers when first meeting, especially if they are guests.
  105: Sharpens their weapon everyday at dawn and dusk.
  106: Gets grouchy if they go without food for too long.
  107: Believes shared language is the way to a person's heart and always speaks to someone in their race's language rather than Common.
