dice:1d19
results:
  1: Kleptomania - at the DMs discretion a d20 dice roll will determine if they player stole an item while in a room. The higher the roll the more risky/expensive the item was. 
  2: Touchy-Feely - At the DMs discretion a d20 dice roll will determine if the affected character must touch the npc they are currently speaking with in any way they possibly can or suffer short-term madness ;see [Madness](www.dndbeyond.com/compendium/rules/basic-rules/running-the-game#Madness) 
  3: Frightened Sleeper - During a long rest the affected player must flip a coin to determine if during their sleep they unconsciously moved in order to sleep comfortably next to the character nearest to them at that time. 
  4: Uncontrollable Volume - At the DMs discretion when the player is involved in conversation the player will be asked to roll a D20, the result of the roll will determine the volume of their voice during the last sentence spoken with 10 being normal volume, 1 being inaudible and 20 being the loudest they can speak. 
  5: Gassy - At the DM's discretion a player must roll a d20 in order to determine the severity of their involuntary flatulence with a result 10 and above resulting in a detectable odour with 20 being overwhelmingly bad. 
  6: Narcolepsy - On the GM's discretion, at any time they may ask the player to save vs Narcolepsy, where the DC is their CON score. On failure the player falls asleep where they are (treat as Unconscious but they do not fall prone or drop what they are holding). They can be woken up by others, by being damaged, or by successfully rolling Perception to hear nearby noise sources. 
  7: Tourettes - at the GMs discretion, roll on the race table. The rolled race becomes the target of a racial slur or profanity spoken by the offending character. 
  8: Pathological Liar - at the DM's discretion, the player must roll to resist the uncontrollable urge to lie when they next speak. 
  9: Food-Pockets - When having a meal (At the GM's discretion) the Pc must roll a d20 to determine how many days he must keep a piece of the food he or she is eating at the momment in his or her pocket. A roll of 1 prevents your from doing this 
  10: Entomophobia, or the fear of insects - Whenever a party is fighting giant bugs (including spiders) or anything closely related to them, have the PC make a Wisdom saving throw, or suffer the Frightened condition for X amount of rounds, determined by the number of creatures to party members. 
  11: Insomnia - every long rest the player has to roll to see if they can sleep 
  12: Emotional - at DM's discretion, whenever the player goes through an emotional moment or event, roll a d20 - 1-4 is a crying fit, 5-8 is uncontrollable laughter, 9-12 is irrational shame, 13-15 is violent rage, 15-20 is no effect. 
  13: Bad habit - character cannot help but pick, poke, or scratch scabs, pimples, rashes, dry skin, boogers, or anything on themselves. It can also be picking hairs off of clothes (not necessarily the character s). Example, character tries to remove cat hairs surreptitiously from a wizard 's robes 
  14: Uncontrollable spasms- at the DMs discretion, a D6 roll will determine which body part is subject to spasm and a D20 roll will determine intensity with a CON save. D6-- 1 - full body, 2 - dominant arm, 3 - non-dominant arm, 4 - legs, 5 - hands, 6 neck (or set these up however). D20- 1= slight shudder, 2-5= shaking, 6-10= light hit & will drop items afterwards if arms/hands weapons will cause 1 pt damage to closest character or self, 11-15= medium (as if a bit of an injury)strength hit and will also drop items if arms/hands with weapons causing half damage, 16-19= regular strength hit and any held items will be thrown 1d6 feetand weapons will cause regular damage, 20 - full strength of critical hit and weapons thrown and some equipment dropped. 
  15: Allergies - at the DM's discretion and in the appropriate context (i.e. if food allergies, after eating; if seasonal allergies, while outside), the player must roll a CON save. On a failed save the character spends 1d4 minutes sneezing and rubbing their eyes or 1d10 minutes breaking out in itchy hives (DM's discretion). On a 1, the character takes 1d6 damage and is incapacitated for 1 hour or until a successful medicine check is performed on them. 
  16: Bad Poker Face - at the DM's discretion, the player must make a CHA save. On a failed save the character's current emotions become visible on their face (e.g. they blush, can't help smiling, or an eye twitches in anger) and any Insight checks against them have advantage. 
  17: Aurophobic - player is afraid of gold. All currency they carry is in the form of silver, platinum, or copper. If they see anything made of gold roll 1d20. 1-4 player throws the closest item to them at the gold and immediately leaves the area until the gold is no longer visible. 5-10 player immediately leaves the area until the gold is no longer visible. 11-15 player closes their eyes and continues to ask "is it gone?" until the gold is no longer visible. 15-20 Player mumbles to self "it can not hurt you, it can not hurt you" until the gold is no longer visible." 
  18: Panic attack - At any random point in time, the affected player must roll a wisdom or intelligence save (whichever stat is higher) from a panic attack. If the save is failed then the player has to wait 1D6 hours. If a natural 1 is rolled, then it changes to 2D10 hours. Another player can help to end it immediately. 
  19: Photosensitive seizures - When the player witnesses certain stimuli (e.g. bright lights caused by a spell) she is stunned for 1d20 rounds (Fort 15 halves this). 
