dice: 1d100
results:
  1: They treat pets and familiar like people.
  2: take all spoken words at face value and don't recognize sarcasm or metaphors
  3: They have Child-like Sexual innocence.
  4: They are a psychological liar, who feels guilty after every lie.
  5: They are incredibly gullible and tend to believe what they are told is true.
  6: They do not believe an obvious truth like gods or magic.
  7: They eat raw meat, vermin, human flesh, or other strange food.
  8: They falsely, and guiltily believes themself to be incompetent or evil.
  9: They talk to things that aren't alive just in case they are. Isn't that right, character sheet?
  10: They are easily spooked, especially out of stealth or in combat, the Scooby-Doo.
  11: Them speaks with the incorrect grammars.
  12: They are missing a body party.
  13: They only ever seem to have the same emotion all the time
  14: They have a weakness for animals. Especially the cute ones but even the dangerous ones. The Steve Erwin or crazy cat lady.
  15: They have a debilitating phobia, such as a fear of fire, darkness, water, insects, or blood that may require wisdom saving throws.
  16: They have poor short term memory, but fine long term memory, but poor short term memory.
  17: They occasionally say a completely random sentence. Like cheese in the dirt.
  18: They believe themself to be the obvious leader of the group. They are definitely not.
  19: They get drunk in only 1 or 2 light drinks. And get CRAZY when they are drunk.
  20: They do not like the role their class traditionally fulfills in the party. Cleric that don't like to heal, a lawful rogue who is easily scared of being alone in the dark, a druid who hates nature or a barbarian who prefers being gentle and calm. They still perform, however, just disgruntledly.
  21: They often treat other people like children and act like a father or mother figure.
  22: They are obsessed with cleanliness, either hating baths or hating dirt.
  23: They have social anxiety.
  24: They have romantic issues. hopeless romantic, a secret admirer, an angry ex, ect.
  25: They do not understand morality that well, just doing what's convenient and avoiding only the most needless evil.
  26: They believe themself the reincarnation of someone else who had died before they were born. How do they know about them?
  27: They have standards for living always above what the group can provide for them.
  28: They are addicted to any mind-altering effects including spells. They find the default state of mind uninteresting.
  29: They have anger issues. Or panic attacks.
  30: they either do not or only consume animal products for sustenance.
  31: They got kicked out of their former community for a really hilarious crime you should ask them about some time.
  32: They are paranoid about things that probably won't happen.
  33: They believe themself to be in the wrong body, wrong sex or wrong race.
  34: They have adopted the least qualified member of the party as a father or mother figure.
  35: They have weird superstitions or religious practices.
  36: they are a terrible liar, terrible debater, and overall not charismatic.
  37: They taste things as part of preception too often.
  38: They are a comical race class combination. Orc monk, Gnome barbarian, Firbolg warlock, etc.
  39: They enjoy trying to do things they are bad at.
  40: They are a coward.
  41: They think they know everything.
  42: They are overly willing to die in combat.
  43: They're nosy.
  44: They are vocally pessimistic.
  45: They are obsessed with whatever item is currently the most valuable thing they own.
  46: They have an obsession with a specific mundane, nonvaluable item. Potatoes, lint, rings, buttons, butter, chocolate, holly symbols, pants, etc. Will often have a way to gauge the "quality".
  47: They wear incredibly flamboyant or disgusting conspicuous clothes. They won't willingly part with their attempt to go unignored.
  48: They enjoy killing the deserving a bit too much, and quite a bit more than anything else.
  49: They are prone to insult people far too often. Even allies.
  50: Their sense of who one should and should not trust is inverted. Distrusting trustable people and trusting sketchy people. They do however trust the group as a whole.
  51: They are a gambling addict with a long-existing dept.
  52: They are easily distracted especially when not in combat. Wisdom must be one of your two lowest ability scores.
  53: They drink before doing ANYTHING remotely stressful and get drunk in situations where they should be sober.
  54: They never call anybody by their actual name or pronouns, instead, they give people nicknames that they use even in the most formal scenarios.
  55: They never uses silverware, or napkins. Bad table manners.
  56: They are abrasive and tell people what is on their minds too much.
  57: They are a dwarfed small version of their not dwarf medium-sized race. Do not confuse with an actual dwarf! Your size is small, roll for another flaw if you are a small race or a dwarf.
  58: Their lowest ability score must be intelligence, you can not read, do multiplication or do any math with numbers greater than 10 and you process information incorrectly and slowly.
  59: They are disgusted by animals, and cute things, especially cute animals.
  60: They have a frequent but poor sense of humor.
  61: They act pompous or crude and make enemies of people of a particular social class.
  62: They do a specific minor crime quite often that most people would consider morally disgusting like theft petty vandalism or necromancy. They may feel an itch or impulse to do it, or they may belive it to be morally justified to do so. Nothing too horrible like murder rape or torture.
  63: They do not have an understanding of how valuable gold is.
  64: they complain about minor things.
  65: They are a smoking addict with a voice to match.
  66: They seek extreme retribution for small slights.
  67: They have a really creepy laugh. They laugh too often.
  68: They have an ambitious obsession that they seldom talk to someone without mentioning.
  69: They are promiscuous and often find comfort in houses if ill repute. Seldom find real love. They are also easily amused by dirty jokes.
  70: They find shirts restraining. And sleeves to be evil. You wear only what you are legally required to on your upper body and complain if people tell you to wear otherwise.
  71: They have a racist hatred for a specific race. Not every one of said race though.
  72: They like to argue too much.
  73: When they talk they often disagree with the last thing they said. They are perfectly consistent!
  74: They are only charismatic to members of a particular sex. They are not good at talking with the other. They may get disadvantage on charisma if they try or invert their charisma modifier.
  75: They are OVERLY emotional
  76: Usually, they have one bad idea a day, including testing new abilities on party members, stupid plans, splitting parties or messing with powerful people.
  77: They appease their god by pranking/fighting/annoying/vandalizing other god's temples and followers. Depending on the alignment of their god's demands of course.
  78: They have a sense of the absurd and believe things that blatantly contradict reality.
  79: They rarely refuse to do what they are told. They also have disadvantage on saving throws to follow verbal commands, and can easily be convinced to do something if you ask.
  80: They have a stutter lisp weird speech pattern strange voice or otherwise talk abnormally.
  81: They obsessively workshop what they are going to say for several minutes, sometimes writing it down and reading from it. They are not a smooth talker.
  82: They HATE PLANS! The best part of a mission to them is when the plan doesn't work.
  83: They are lazy and refuse to do work for petty reasons.
  84: They are probably too young or too old to be adventuring. Their personality matches their age.
  85: They often choose money over the party.
  86: They are completely incapable of telling a lie. Impulsively telling people the truth.
  87: They are a hideous sight to behold with a terrible voice to hear. Twitches, uneven eyes, missing teeth, graveling spit filled voices, a mouth that never really closes. Disgusting
  88: Physically they look and sound very much like the opposite sex.
  89: They often think out loud. Even when contemplating to betray the person in front of them.
  90: They are amused by other people's suffering.
  91: They have NO sense of humor what so ever and find NOTHING funny. Was that a joke?
  92: They find most things to be quite amusing. Even dad jokes, and try to make jokes in serious situations.
  93: They do not have much respect for anything that isn't their peers in their highest ability score.
  94: They often admire their opponents more than their party.
  95: They are an enemy of most organized religions or multiple noble houses or the entire criminal underworld. It is a LONG story.
  96: They make terrible unlikely gambits. Sometimes they work out. Often times it makes things worse.
  97: They think that something that is traditionally seen as good, like charity, a particular god, or mercy, is in fact very much evil. They might have a good argument for why they think so.
  98: They feel a compulsive need to make everything perfect.
  99: They don't much like being in cities or civilizations.
  100: You are into some really weird things that most people would find unpleasant. Masochism fetishes. Weird shit.
