dice: 1d123
results:
  1: Absent-minded  Preoccupied to the extent of being unaware of ones immediate surroundings. Abstracted, daydreaming, inattentive, oblivious, forgetful.
  2: Abusive  Characterized by improper infliction of physical or psychological maltreatment towards another.
  3: Addict  One who is addicted to a compulsive activity. Examples- gambling, drugs, sex.
  4: Aimless  Devoid of direction or purpose.
  5: Alcoholic  A person who drinks alcoholic substances habitually and to excess.
  6: Anxious  Full of mental distress or uneasiness because of fear of danger or misfortune; greatly worried; solicitous.
  7: Arrogant  Having or displaying a sense of overbearing self-worth or self-importance. Inclined to social exclusiveness and who rebuff the advances of people considered inferior. Snobbish.
  8: Audacious  Recklessly bold in defiance of convention, propriety, law, or the like; insolent; braze, disobedient.
  9: Bad Habit  A revolting personal habit. Examples. picks nose, spits tobacco, drools, bad body odour.
  10: Bigmouth  A loud-mouthed or gossipy person.
  11: Bigot  One who is strongly partial to ones own group, religion, race, or politics and is intolerant of those who differ.
  12: Blunt  Characterized by directness in manner or speech; without subtlety or evasion. Frank, callous, insensitive, brusque.
  13: Bold  In a bad sense, too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent. Abrupt, brazen, cheeky, brassy, audacious.
  14: Callous  They are hardened to emotions, rarely showing any form of it in expression. Unfeeling. Cold.
  15: Childish  Marked by or indicating a lack of maturity; puerile.
  16: Complex  An exaggerated or obsessive concern or fear. (List specific complex.)
  17: Cruel  Mean to anyone or anything, without care or regard to consequences and feelings.
  18: Cursed  A person who has befallen a prayer for evil or misfortune, placed under a spell, or borne into an evil circumstance, and suffers for it. Damned.
  19: Dependent  Unable to exist, sustain oneself, or act appropriately or normally without the assistance or direction of another.
  20: Deranged  Mentally decayed. Insane. Crazy. Mad. Psychotic.
  21: Dishonest  Given to or using fraud, cheating; deceitful, deceptive, crooked, underhanded.
  22: Disloyal  Lacking loyalty. Unfaithful, perfidious, traitorous, treasonable
  23: Disorder  An ailment that affects the function of mind or body. (List the disorders name if they have one.) See the Mental Disorder List.
  24: Disturbed  Showing some or a few signs or symptoms of mental or emotional illness. Confused, disordered, neurotic, troubled.
  25: Dubious  Fraught with uncertainty or doubt. Undecided, doubtful, unsure.
  26: Dyslexic  Affected by dyslexia, a learning disorder marked by impairment of the ability to recognize and comprehend written words.
  27: Egotistical  Characteristic of those having an inflated idea of their own importance. Boastful, pompous.
  28: Envious  Showing extreme cupidity; painfully desirous of anothers advantages; covetous, jealous.
  29: Erratic  Deviating from the customary course in conduct or opinion; eccentric - erratic behaviour. Eccentric, bizarre, outlandish, strange.
  30: Fanatical  Fanatic outlook or behaviour especially as exhibited by excessive enthusiasm, unreasoning zeal, or wild and extravagant notions on some subject.
  31: Fickle  Erratic, changeable, unstable  especially with regard to affections or attachments; capricious.
  32: Fierce  Marked by extreme intensity of emotions or convictions; inclined to react violently; fervid.
  33: Finicky  Excessively particular or fastidious; difficult to please; fussy. Too much concerned with detail. Meticulous, fastidious, choosy, critical, picky, prissy, pernickety.
  34: Fixated  In psychoanalytic theory, a strong attachment to a person or thing, especially such an attachment formed in childhood or infancy and manifested in immature or neurotic behaviour that persists throughout life. Fetish, quirk, obsession, infatuation.
  35: Flirt -To make playfully romantic or sexual overtures; behaviour intended to arouse sexual interest. Minx. Tease.
  36: Gluttonous  Given to excess in consumption of especially food or drink. Voracious, ravenous, wolfish, piggish, insatiable.
  37: Gruff  Brusque or stern in manner or appearance. Crusty, rough, surly.
  38: Gullible  Will believe any information given, regardless of how valid or truthful it is, easily deceived or duped.
  39: Hard  A person who is difficult to deal with, manage, control, overcome, or understand. Hard emotions, hard hearted.
  40: Hedonistic  Pursuit of or devotion to pleasure, especially to the pleasures of the senses.
  41: Hoity-toity- Given to flights of fancy; capricious; frivolous. Prone to giddy behaviour, flighty.
  42: Humourless  The inability to find humour in things, and most certainly in themselves.
  43: Hypocritical  One who is always contradicting their own beliefs, actions or sayings. A person who professes beliefs and opinions for others that he does not hold. Being a hypocrite.
  44: Idealist  One whose conduct is influenced by ideals that often conflict with practical considerations. One who is unrealistic and impractical, guided more by ideals than by practical considerations.
  45: Idiotic  Marked by a lack of intelligence or care; foolish or careless.
  46: Ignorant  Lacking knowledge or information as to a particular subject or fact. Showing or arising from a lack of education or knowledge.
  47: Illiterate  Unable to read and write.
  48: Immature  Emotionally undeveloped; juvenile; childish.
  49: Impatient  Unable to wait patiently or tolerate delay; restless. Unable to endure irritation or opposition; intolerant.
  50: Impious  Lacking piety and reverence for a god/gods and their followers.
  51: Impish  Naughtily or annoyingly playful.
  52: Incompetent  Unable to execute tasks, no matter how the size or difficulty.
  53: Indecisive  Characterized by lack of decision and firmness, especially under pressure.
  54: Indifferent  The trait of lacking enthusiasm for or interest in things generally, remaining calm and seeming not to care; a casual lack of concern. Having or showing little or no interest in anything; languid; spiritless.
  55: Infamy  Having an extremely bad reputation, public reproach, or strong condemnation as the result of a shameful, criminal, or outrageous act that affects how others view them.
  56: Intolerant  Unwilling to tolerate difference of opinion and narrow-minded about cherished opinions.
  57: Judgemental  Inclined to make and form judgements, especially moral or personal ones, based on ones own opinions or impressions towards others/practices/groups/religions based on appearance, reputation, occupation, etc.
  58: Klutz  Clumsy. Blunderer.
  59: Lazy  Resistant to work or exertion; disposed to idleness.
  60: Lewd  Inclined to, characterized by, or inciting to lust or lechery; lascivious. Obscene or indecent, as language or songs; salacious.
  61: Liar  Compulsively and purposefully tells false truths more often than not. A person who has lied or who lies repeatedly.
  62: Lustful  Driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires.
  63: Masochist  The deriving of sexual gratification, or the tendency to derive sexual gratification, from being physically or emotionally abused. A willingness or tendency to subject oneself to unpleasant or trying experiences.
  64: Meddlesome  Intrusive in a meddling or offensive manner, given to meddling; interfering.
  65: Meek  Evidencing little spirit or courage; overly submissive or compliant; humble in spirit or manner; suggesting retiring mildness or even cowed submissiveness.
  66: Megalomaniac  A psycho pathological condition characterized by delusional fantasies of wealth, power, or omnipotence.
  67: Nave  Lacking worldly experience and understanding, simple and guileless; showing or characterized by a lack of sophistication and critical judgement.
  68: Nervous  Easily agitated or distressed; high-strung or jumpy.
  69: Non-violent  Abstaining from the use of violence.
  70: Nosey  Given to prying into the affairs of others; snoopy. Offensively curious or inquisitive.
  71: Obsessive  An unhealthy and compulsive preoccupation with something or someone.
  72: Oppressor  A person of authority who subjects others to undue pressures, to keep down by severe and unjust use of force or authority.
  73: Overambitious  Having a strong excessive desire for success or achievement.
  74: Overconfident  Excessively confident; presumptuous.
  75: Overemotional  Excessively or abnormally emotional. Sensitive about themselves and others, more so than the average person.
  76: Overprotective  To protect too much; coddle.
  77: Overzealous  Marked by excessive enthusiasm for and intense devotion to a cause or idea.
  78: Pacifist  Opposition to war or violence as a means of resolving disputes. (Can double as a merit in certain cases)
  79: Paranoid  Exhibiting or characterized by extreme and irrational fear or distrust of others.
  80: Peevish  Expressing fretfulness and discontent, or unjustifiable dissatisfaction. Cantankerous, cross, ill-tempered, testy, captious, discontented, crotchety, cranky, ornery.
  81: Perfectionist  A propensity for being displeased with anything that is not perfect or does not meet extremely high standards.
  82: Pessimist  A tendency to stress the negative or unfavourable or to take the gloomiest possible view.
  83: Pest  One that pesters or annoys, with or without realizing it. Nuisance. Annoying. Nag.
  84: Phobic  They have a severe form of fear when it comes to this one thing. Examples Dark, Spiders, Cats
  85: Practical  Level-headed, efficient, and unspeculative. No-nonsense.
  86: Predictable  Easily seen through and assessable, where almost anyone can predict reactions and actions of said person by having met or known them even for a short time.
  87: Proud  Filled with or showing excessive self-esteem and will often shirk help from others for the sake of pride.
  88: Rebellious  Defying or resisting some established authority, government, or tradition; insubordinate; inclined to rebel.
  89: Reckless  Heedless. Headstrong. Foolhardy. Unthinking boldness, wild carelessness and disregard for consequences.
  90: Remorseless  Without remorse; merciless; pitiless; relentless.
  91: Rigorous  Rigidly accurate; allowing no deviation from a standard; demanding strict attention to rules and procedures.
  92: Sadist  The deriving of sexual gratification or the tendency to derive sexual gratification from inflicting pain or emotional abuse on others. Deriving of pleasure, or the tendency to derive pleasure, from cruelty.
  93: Sadomasochist  Both sadist and masochist combined.
  94: Sarcastic  A subtle form of mockery in which an intended meaning is conveyed obliquely.
  95: Sceptic  One who instinctively or habitually doubts, questions, or disagrees with assertions or generally accepted conclusions.
  96: Seducer  To lead others astray, as from duty, rectitude, or the like; corrupt. To attempt to lead or draw someone away, as from principles, faith, or allegiance.
  97: Selfish  Concerned chiefly or only with oneself.
  98: Self-Martyr  One who purposely makes a great show of suffering in order to arouse sympathy from others, as a form of manipulation, and always for a selfish cause or reason.
  99: Self-righteous  Piously sure of ones own righteousness; moralistic. Exhibiting pious self-assurance. Holier-than-thou, sanctimonious.
  100: Senile  Showing a decline or deterioration of physical strength or mental functioning, esp. short-term memory and alertness, as a result of old age or disease.
  101: Shallow  Lacking depth of intellect or knowledge; concerned only with what is obvious.
  102: Smart Ass  Thinks they know it all, and in some ways they may, but they can be greatly annoying and difficult to deal with at times, especially in arguments.
  103: Soft-hearted  Having softness or tenderness of heart that can lead them into trouble; susceptible of pity or other kindly affection. They cannot resist helping someone they see in trouble, suffering or in need, and often dont think of the repercussions or situation before doing so.
  104: Solemn  Deeply earnest, serious, and sober.
  105: Spineless  Lacking courage. Cowardly, wimp, lily-livered, gutless.
  106: Spiteful  Showing malicious ill will and a desire to hurt; motivated by spite; vindictive person who will look for occasions for resentment. Vengeful.
  107: Spoiled  Treated with excessive indulgence and pampering from earliest childhood, and has no notion of hard work, self-care or money management; coddled, pampered. Having the character or disposition harmed by pampering or over-solicitous attention.
  108: Squeamish  Excessively fastidious and easily disgusted.
  109: Stubborn  Unreasonably, often perversely unyielding; bull-headed. Firmly resolved or determined; resolute.
  110: Superstitious  An irrational belief arising from ignorance or fear from an irrational belief that an object, action, or circumstance not logically related to a course of events influences its outcome.
  111: Tactless  Lacking or showing a lack of what is fitting and considerate in dealing with others.
  112: Temperamental  Moody, irritable, or sensitive. Excitable, volatile, emotional.
  113: Theatrical  Having a flair for over dramatizing situations, doing things in a big way and love to be centre stage.
  114: Timid -Tends to be shy and/or quiet, shrinking away from offering opinions or from strangers and newcomers, fearing confrontations and violence.
  115: Tongue-tied  Speechless or confused in expression, as from shyness, embarrassment, or astonishment.
  116: Troublemaker  Someone who deliberately stirs up trouble, intentionally or unintentionally.
  117: Unlucky  Marked by or causing misfortune; ill-fated. Destined for misfortune; doomed.
  118: Unpredictable  Difficult to foretell or foresee, their actions are so chaotic its impossible to know what they are going to do next.
  119: Untrustworthy  Not worthy of trust or belief. Backstabber.
  120: Vain  Holding or characterized by an unduly high opinion of their physical appearance. Lovers of themselves. Conceited, egotistic, narcissistic.
  121: Weak-willed  Lacking willpower, strength of will to carry out ones decisions, wishes, or plans. Easily swayed.
  122: Withdrawn  Not friendly or Sociable. Aloof.
  123: Zealous  A fanatic.
